1	A series of escapade demonstrate the adage that what be good for the goose be also good for the gander , some of which occasionally amuse but none of which amount to much of a story . 
4	This quiet , introspective and entertaining independent be worth seek . 
1	Even fan of Ismail Merchant 's work , I suspect , would have a hard time sit through this one . 
3	A positively thrill combination of ethnography and all the intrigue , betrayal , deceit and murder of a Shakespearean tragedy or a juicy soap opera . 
1	Aggressive self-glorification and a manipulative whitewash . 
4	A comedy-drama of nearly epic proportion root in a sincere performance by the title character undergo midlife crisis . 
1	Narratively , Trouble Every Day be a plod mess . 
3	The Importance of Being Earnest , so thick with wit it play like a reading from Bartlett 's Familiar Quotations . 
1	But it do n't leave you with much . 
1	You could hate it for the same reason . 
1	There 's little to recommend Snow Dogs , unless one considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity . 
1	Kung Pow be Oedekerk 's realization of his childhood dream to be in a martial-arts flick , and prove that sometimes the dream of youth should remain just that . 
4	The performance be an absolute joy . 
3	Fresnadillo have something serious to say about the way in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw u off the path of good sense . 
3	I still like Moonlight Mile , well judgment be damn . 
3	A welcome relief from baseball movie that try too hard to be mythic , this one be a sweet and modest and ultimately win story . 
3	a bilingual charmer , just like the woman who inspire it 
2	Like a less dizzily gorgeous companion to Mr. Wong 's In the Mood for Love -- very much a Hong Kong movie despite it mainland setting . 
1	As inept a big-screen remake of The Avengers and The Wild Wild West . 
2	It 's everything you 'd expect -- but nothing more . 
4	Best indie of the year , so far . 
3	Hatfield and Hicks make the odd of couple , and in this sense the movie become a study of the gamble of the publishing world , offer a case study that exist apart from all the movie 's political ramification . 
1	It 's like go to a house party and watch the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend . 
2	That the Chuck Norris `` grenade gag '' occur about 7 time during Windtalkers be a good indication of how serious-minded the film be . 
2	The plot be romantic comedy boilerplate from start to finish . 
2	It arrive with an impeccable pedigree , mongrel pep , and almost indecipherable plot complication . 
2	A film that clearly mean to preach exclusively to the convert . 
1	While The Importance of Being Earnest offer opportunity for occasional smile and chuckle , it do n't give u a reason to be in the theater beyond Wilde 's wit and the actor ' performance . 
1	The late vapid actor 's exercise to appropriate the structure of Arthur Schnitzler 's Reigen . 
2	More vaudeville show than well-constructed narrative , but on those term it 's inoffensive and actually rather sweet . 
2	Nothing more than a run-of-the-mill action flick . 
0	Hampered -- no , paralyze -- by a self-indulgent script ... that aim for poetry and end up sound like satire . 
2	Ice Age be the first computer-generated feature cartoon to feel like other movie , and that make for some glacial pace early on . 
2	There 's very little sense to what 's go on here , but the maker serve up the cliche with considerable dash . 
2	Cattaneo should have follow the runaway success of his first film , The Full Monty , with something different . 
1	They 're the unnamed , easily substitutable force that serve a whatever terror the hero of horror movie try to avoid . 
1	It almost feel a if the movie be more interested in entertain itself than in amuse u . 
0	The movie 's progression into ramble incoherence give new meaning to the phrase ` fatal script error . ' 
3	Do n't judge this one too soon - it 's a dark , gritty story but it take off in totally unexpected direction and keep on go . 
3	So could young romantic out on a date . 
0	Tartakovsky 's team have some freakish power of visual charm , but the five writer slip into the modern rut of narrative banality . 
3	Vincent Gallo be right at home in this French shocker play his usual bad boy weirdo role . 
4	If a horror movie 's primary goal be to frighten and disturb , then They work spectacularly well ... A shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride . 
1	This 100-minute movie only have about 25 minute of decent material . 
2	Fortunately , you still have that option . 
3	Less the sensational true-crime hell-jaunt purist might like and more experimental in it storytelling -LRB- though no less horrify for it -RRB- . 
3	As tricky and satisfy a any of David Mamet 's airless cinematic shell game . 
1	I 'm sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , I do n't see the point . 
4	Jones have tackle a meaty subject and drawn engage character while pepper the page with memorable zinger . 
4	Bloody Sunday have the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , make it one of the best war movie ever make . 
1	Takes a clunky TV-movie approach to detail a chapter in the life of the celebrated Irish playwright , poet and drinker . 
2	Finally come down off of Miramax 's deep shelf after a couple of aborted attempt , Waking Up in Reno make a strong case for let sleep dog lie . 
0	Thanks largely to Williams , all the interesting development be process in 60 minute -- the rest be just an overexposed waste of film . 
0	Comes across a a relic from a bygone era , and it convolution ... feel silly rather than plausible . 
4	Perhaps it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing , ' but it be . 
4	Both lead performance be Oscar-size . 
0	Run for your life ! 
3	Mark Pellington 's late pop thriller be a kooky and overeager a it be spooky and subtly in love with myth . 
3	Claude Chabrol 's camera have a way of gently sway back and forth a it cradle it character , veil tension beneath otherwise tender movement . 
3	Transforms one of -LRB- Shakespeare 's -RRB- deepest tragedy into a smart new comedy . 
1	The screenplay by James Eric , James Horton and director Peter O'Fallon ... be so pat it make your teeth hurt . 
3	But arrive at a particularly dark moment in history , it offer flicker reminder of the tie that bind u . 
1	Its generic villain lack any intrigue -LRB- other than their funny accent -RRB- and the action scene be poorly deliver . 
3	The character be more deeply think through than in most ` right-thinking ' film . 
3	The film , despite the gratuitous cinematic distraction impress upon it , be still good fun . 
0	Downright transparent be the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex joke that reek of a script rewrite design to garner the film a `` cooler '' PG-13 rating . 
4	A smart , provocative drama that do the nearly impossible : It get under the skin of a man we only know a an evil , monstrous lunatic . 
1	It 's like a drive-by . 
3	be many thing -- stone midnight flick , sci-fi deconstruction , gay fantasia -- but above all it 's a love story as sanguine a it title . 
3	A very funny romantic comedy about two skittish New York middle-agers who stumble into a relationship and then struggle furiously with their fear and foible . 
1	But it have an ambition to say something about it subject , but not a willingness . 
3	-LRB- Scherfig -RRB- have make a movie that will leave you wonder about the character ' life after the clever credit roll . 
3	-LRB- An -RRB- absorb documentary . 
2	Reeks of rot and hack work from start to finish . 
1	Plays like a series of vignette -- clip of a film that be still look for a common through-line . 
1	
1	The major problem with Windtalkers be that the bulk of the movie center on the wrong character . 
2	Swimfan , like Fatal Attraction , eventually go overboard with a loony melodramatic denouement in which a high school swim pool substitute for a bathtub . 
1	This be a heartfelt story ... it just be n't a very involve one . 
4	An unsettling , memorable cinematic experience that do it predecessor proud . 
3	All in all , it 's a pretty good execution of a story that 's a lot rich than the one Hollywood action screenwriter usually come up with on their own . 
3	Phillip Noyce and all of his actor -- as well a his cinematographer , Christopher Doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of Greene 's prose , and it 's there on the screen in their version of The Quiet American . 
2	The Pianist lack the quick emotional connection of Steven Spielberg 's Schindler 's List . 
3	Inventive , fun , intoxicatingly sexy , violent , self-indulgent and maddening . 
4	Tells a fascinating , compel story . 
1	Written , flatly , by David Kendall and direct , barely , by There 's Something About Mary co-writer Ed Decter . 
4	Highly recommended viewing for it courage , idea , technical proficiency and great acting . 
4	In IMAX in short , it 's just as wonderful on the big screen . 
3	It show u a slice of life that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable . 
1	Amid the shock and curiosity factor , the film be just a corny examination of a young actress try to find her way . 
2	It 's lazy for a movie to avoid solve one problem by try to distract u with the solution to another . 
3	... it 's as comprehensible a any Dummies guide , something even non-techies can enjoy . 
1	Entertains not so much because of it music or comic antic , but through the perverse pleasure of watch Disney scrape the bottom of it own cracker barrel . 
3	Writer\/director Burr Steers emphasize the Q in Quirky , with mixed result . 
0	Scarcely worth a mention apart from report on the number of tumbleweed blow through the empty theatre grace with it company . 
4	Invigorating , surreal , and resonant with a rainbow of emotion . 
0	`` Analyze That '' be one of those crass , contrive sequel that not only fail on it own , but make you second-guess your affection for the original . 
1	Report card : Does n't live up to the exalt tagline - there 's definite room for improvement . 
2	It 's not a particularly good film , but neither be it a monsterous one . 
2	Tsai may be plough the same furrow once too often . 
1	-LRB- Green be -RRB- the comedy equivalent of Saddam Hussein , and I 'm just about ready to go to the U.N. and ask permission for a preemptive strike . 
3	A surprisingly ` solid ' achievement by director Malcolm D. Lee and writer John Ridley . 
2	Massoud 's story be an epic , but also a tragedy , the record of a tenacious , humane fighter who be also the prisoner -LRB- and ultimately the victim -RRB- of history . 
3	Changing Lanes try for more . 
1	Shyamalan should stop try to please his mom . 
3	A macabre and very stylized Swedish fillm about a modern city where all the religious and civic virtue that hold society in place be in tatter . 
4	One of recent memory 's most thoughtful film about art , ethic , and the cost of moral compromise . 
2	The narrative be so consistently unimaginative that probably the only way to have save the film be with the aid of those wisecrack Mystery Science Theater 3000 guy . 
4	Filmmaker Tian Zhuangzhuang triumphantly return to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power . 
1	A mawkish self-parody that play like some weird Masterpiece Theater sketch with neither a point of view nor a compelling reason for be . 
2	Takes one character we do n't like and another we do n't believe , and put them into a battle of will that be impossible to care about and be n't very funny . 
1	And if you appreciate the one-sided theme to Lawrence 's over-indulgent tirade , then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that be a self-glorified Martin Lawrence lovefest . 
0	The whole film have this sneaky feel to it -- a if the director be try to dupe the viewer into take it all a Very Important simply because the movie be ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product . 
3	Whenever it threaten to get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy , a stir visual sequence like a surge through swirl rapid or a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle rous u . 
1	Swinging , the film make it seem , be not a hobby that attract the young and fit . 
2	But when it do , you 're entirely unprepared . 
3	Devos deliver a perfect performance that capture the innocence and budding demon within a wallflower . 
4	300 year of Russian history and culture compress into an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness . 
3	The filmmaker want nothing else than to show u a good time , and in their cheap , B movie way , they succeed . 
3	Mr. Polanski be in his element here : alone , abandon , but still console by his art , which be more than he have ever reveal before about the source of his spiritual survival . 
4	`` Spider-man be well than any summer blockbuster we have to endure last summer , and hopefully , set the tone for a summer of good stuff . 
2	Absorbing character 
1	Violent , vulgar and forgettably entertaining . 
2	It 's the unsettling image of a war-ravaged land that prove more potent and rivet than the unlikely story of Sarah and Harrison . 
3	Winds up be both revelatory and narcissistic , achieve some honest insight into relationship that most high-concept film candy-coat with pat storyline , precious circumstance and beautiful star . 
3	If Mostly Martha be mostly unsurprising , it 's still a sweet , even delectable diversion . 
4	A thoughtful and surprisingly affect portrait of a screwed-up man who dare to mess with some powerful people , see through the eye of the idealistic kid who choose to champion his ultimately lose cause . 
3	Keenly observe and refreshingly natural , Swimming get the detail right , from it promenade of barely clad body in Myrtle Beach , S.C. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner . 
2	A brilliant gag at the expense of those who pay for it and those who pay to see it . 
4	A triumph , a film that hew out a world and carry u effortlessly from darkness to light . 
1	Just about everyone involve here seem to be coast . 
3	A fascinating , dark thriller that keep you hook on the delicious pulpiness of it lurid fiction . 
1	I suspect this be the kind of production that would have be funny if the director have release the outtake theatrically and use the film a a bonus feature on the DVD . 
1	It 's hard to say who might enjoy this , be there Tolstoy groupie out there ? 
1	Daughter From Danang reveal that effort toward closure only open new wound . 
4	One of the year 's most weirdly engage and unpredictable character piece . 
4	Intriguing and downright intoxicating . 
1	Although fairly involve as far a it go , the film do n't end up have much that be fresh to say about grow up Catholic or , really , anything . 
0	The movie be silly beyond comprehension , and even if it be n't silly , it would still be beyond comprehension . 
3	Sleek and arty . 
0	Poor editing , bad bluescreen , and ultra-cheesy dialogue highlight the radical action . 
3	-LRB- Cho 's face be -RRB- an amazing slapstick instrument , create a scrapbook of living mug shot . 
1	It get the detail of it time frame right but it completely miss it emotion . 
2	Initial strangeness inexorably give way to rote sentimentality and mystical tenderness become narrative expedience . 
3	It let you brush up against the humanity of a psycho , without make him any less psycho . 
1	Like the world of his film , Hartley create a monster but do n't know how to handle it . 
4	When cower and beg at the foot a scruffy Giannini , Madonna give her best performance since Abel Ferrara have her beaten to a pulp in his Dangerous Game . 
1	Too clumsy in key moment ... to make a big splash . 
2	Because Eight Legged Freaks be partly an homage to Them , Tarantula and other low - budget B-movie thriller of the 1950s and '60s , the movie be a silly -LRB- but not sophomoric -RRB- romp through horror and hellish condition . 
1	It feel like very light Errol Morris , focus on eccentricity but failing , ultimately , to make something big out of it scrapbook of oddball . 
4	Spielberg 's realization of a near-future America be masterful . 
0	There 's a scientific law to be discern here that producer would be well to heed : Mediocre movie start to drag as soon a the action speed up ; when the explosion start , they fall to piece . 
3	He 's one of the few ` cool ' actor who never seem aware of his own coolness . 
1	Feels like the work of an artist who be simply tired -- of fight the same fight , of put the weight of the world on his shoulder , of play with narrative form . 
1	... stale and uninspired . 
3	In the director 's cut , the film be not only a love song to the movie but it also be more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodize . 
3	Has the rare capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke . 
1	Eerily accurate depiction of depression . 
1	As a feature-length film , it wear out it welcome as tryingly a the title character . 
3	An uncluttered , resonant gem that relay it universal point without lecture or confrontation . ' 
1	The story alone could force you to scratch a hole in your head . 
3	It 's the filmmaker ' post-camp comprehension of what make old-time B movie good-bad that make Eight Legged Freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion . 
2	As any creature-feature fan know , when you cross toxic chemical with a bunch of exotic creature , you get a lot of run around , scream and death . 
2	You bet there be and it 's what make this rather convoluted journey worth take . 
3	Before it take a sudden turn and devolve into a bizarre sort of romantic comedy , Steven Shainberg 's adaptation of Mary Gaitskill 's harrow short story ... be a brilliantly play , deeply unsettling experience . 
1	Kim Ki-Deok seem to have in mind an -LRB- emotionally at least -RRB- adolescent audience demand regular shock and bout of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested . 
0	Has no reason to exist , other than to employ Hollywood kid and people who owe favor to their famous parent . 
2	A well-made but emotionally scattered film whose hero give his heart only to the dog . 
2	Those who love Cinema Paradiso will find the new scene interesting , but few will find the movie improve . 
3	Campanella get the tone just right -- funny in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful . 
0	Nothing more than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that play like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercise . 
3	It 's a sharp movie about otherwise dull subject . 
2	Wallace get a bit heavy hand with his message at time , and have a visual flair that wax poetic far too much for our taste . 
2	Charming and funny -LRB- but ultimately silly -RRB- movie . 
2	... the one thing this Wild film have that other Imax film do n't : chimps , lot of chimp , all blow up to the size of a house . 
0	Starts out mediocre , spiral downward , and thud to the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion . 
3	This be a child 's film in the true sense . 
0	Horrendously amateurish filmmaking that be plainly dull and visually ugly when it be n't incomprehensible . 
4	Beautifully craft , engage filmmaking that should attract upscale audience hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guess . 
1	An awkwardly contrived exercise in magic realism . 
1	The punch line that miss , unfortunately , outnumber the hit by three-to-one . 
3	Like Smoke Signals , the film be also imbue with strong theme of familial tie and spirituality that be powerful and move without stoop to base melodrama 
3	Evokes the style and flash of the double-cross that make Mamet 's `` House of Games '' and last fall 's `` Heist '' so much fun . 
3	The film aim to be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes all at once . 
2	At a brief 42 minute , we need more X and less blab . 
2	The Spalding Gray equivalent of a teen gross-out comedy . 
1	There 's a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moment . 
3	Uneven but a lot of fun . 
2	The result might look like Vulgar . 
0	The film rehash several old theme and be cap with pointless extreme -- it 's insanely violent and very graphic . 
3	The dragon be the real star of Reign of Fire and you wo n't be disappoint . 
1	It never play a dramatic even when dramatic thing happen to people . 
3	Manages to please it intended audience -- child -- without place their parent in a coma-like state . 
1	The movie generate plot point with a degree of randomness usually achieve only by lottery drawing . 
2	Though the film never veers from it comic course , it unintentional parallel might inadvertently evoke memory and emotion which be anything but humorous . 
1	The film can depress you about life itself . 
1	If you saw it on TV , you 'd probably turn it off , convince that you have already see that movie . 
1	You get the impression that writer and director Burr Steers know the territory ... but his sense of humor have yet to lose the smug self-satisfaction usually associate with the good private school . 
4	This be a superior horror flick . 
2	The movie 's heavy-handed screenplay navigate a fast fade into pomposity and pretentiousness . 
1	A little weak -- and it be n't that funny . 
1	But they do n't fit well together and neither be well told . 
2	Being latently gay and like to read be hardly enough . 
3	More sophisticated and literate than such picture usually be ... an amusing little catch . 
1	Storytelling feel slight . 
4	Monte Cristo smartly emphasize the well-wrought story and omit needless chase scene and swordfights a the revenge unfolds . 
4	It 's a fairy tale that come from a renowned Indian film culture that allow Americans to finally revel in it splendor . 
3	Well-done supernatural thriller with keen insight into parapsychological phenomenon and the soulful nuance of the grieving process . 
2	... only Bond can save u from the late eccentric , super-wealthy megalomaniac bent on world domination and destruction . 
0	It be depress , ruthlessly pain and deprave , the movie equivalent of star into an open wound . 
3	Damon bring the proper conviction to his role a -LRB- Jason Bourne -RRB- . 
1	Parents beware ; this be downright movie penance . 
3	When it 's this rich and luscious , who care ? 
1	A singularly off-putting romantic comedy . 
2	Director Boris von Sychowski instead opt for a routine slasher film that be probably more fun to make than it be to sit through . 
0	Would 've be nice if the screenwriter have trust audience to understand a complex story , and leave off the film 's predictable denouement . 
1	A superfluous sequel ... plague by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' : Everyone have show up at the appointed time and place , but visible enthusiasm be mighty hard to find . 
3	An earnest , roughshod document , it serve a a workable primer for the region 's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool . 
1	Cloaks a familiar anti-feminist equation -LRB- career - kid = misery -RRB- in tiresome romantic-comedy dud . 
1	A film that play thing so nice 'n safe a to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blow up for the big screen . 
3	His work transcend the boy-meets-girl posturing of typical love story . 
1	An even more predictable , cliche-ridden endeavor than it predecessor . 
0	Plays like a bad blend of an overripe episode of TV 's Dawson 's Creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of Love Story . 
1	The script cover huge , heavy topic in a bland , surfacey way that do n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good thing happen to bad people . 
0	The film be so bad it do n't improve upon the experience of star at a blank screen . 
1	They throw load of money at an idea that should 've be so much more even if it be only make for teenage boy and wrestle fan . 
0	It 's difficult to imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily make film could possibly come down the road in 2002 . 
3	Though the film be well-intentioned , one could rent the original and get the same love story and parable . 
2	Jolting into Charleston rhythm , the story have the sizzle of old news that have finally find the right vent -LRB- accurate ? 
2	Or both . 
2	Williams play Sy , another of his open-faced , smile madman , like the killer in Insomnia . 
1	Phoned-in business a usual . 
1	With it lackadaisical plotting and mindless action , All About the Benjamins evoke the bottom tier of blaxploitation flick from the 1970s . 
0	Ah , yes , that would be me : fight off the urge to doze . 
0	Thoughtless , random , superficial humour and a lot of very bad Scouse accent 
3	In an era where big star and high production value be standard procedure , Narc strike a defiantly retro chord , and outpace it contemporary with daring and verve . 
3	A rip-roaring comedy action fest that 'll put hair on your chest . 
4	... a thoughtful what-if for the heart as well a the mind . 
4	Miyazaki be one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artist and storyteller . 
3	A chronicle not only of one man 's quest to be president , but of how that man single-handedly turn a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalist into what be essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department . 
4	Provides the kind of ` laugh therapy ' I need from movie comedy -- offbeat humor , amuse character , and a happy end . 
0	Feels strangely hollow at it emotional core . 
3	At a time when commercialism have squeeze the life out of whatever idealism American moviemaking ever have , Godfrey Reggio 's career shine like a lonely beacon . 
2	Director Roger Michell do so many of the little thing right that it 's difficult not to cuss him out severely for bungle the big stuff . 
3	Robert Harmon 's less-is-more approach delivers real bump-in - the-night chill -- his great triumph be keep the creepy crawlies hide in the film 's thick shadow . 
4	This movie may not have the high production value you 've ever see , but it 's the work of an artist , one whose view of America , history and the awkwardness of human life be generous and deep . 
1	Feral and uncomfortable . 
4	Sillier , cuter , and short than the first -LRB- a best I remember -RRB- , but still a very good time at the cinema . 
3	It 's more enjoyable than I expect , though , and that 's because the laugh come from fairly basic comedic construct . 
0	Black-and-white and unrealistic . 
3	The film be predictable in the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol . 
0	The only camouflage Carvey should now be consider be a paper bag to wear over his head when he go out into public , to avoid be recognize a the man who bilk unsuspecting moviegoer . 
3	Not about scare but a mood in which an ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat lurks just below the proceeding and add an almost constant mindset of suspense . 
1	Some of the computer animation be handsome , and various amuse sidekick add much-needed levity to the otherwise bleak tale , but overall the film never rise above mediocrity . 
4	Offers the flash of rock video fuse with solid performance and eerie atmosphere . 
3	A breezy blend of art , history , esoteric musing and philosophy . 
3	Now a a former Gong Show addict , I 'll admit it , my only complaint be that we do n't get more re-creation of all those famous moment from the show . 
3	Genuinely unnerving . 
4	The increasingly diverse French director have create a film that one can honestly describe a look , sound and simply feel like no other film in recent history . 
3	One of those joyous film that leap over national boundary and celebrates universal human nature . 
2	A difficult but worthy film that bite off more than it can chew by link the massacre of Armenians in 1915 with some difficult relationship in the present . 
1	Halfway through the movie , the humor dwindles . 
4	Witty and often surprising , a dark little morality tale disguise a a romantic comedy . 
1	One sense in World Traveler and in his early film that Freundlich bear a grievous but obscure complaint against father , and circle it obsessively , without make contact . 
3	In fact , even well . 
2	... a preachy parable stylize with a touch of John Woo bullet ballet . 
2	Proves that some movie formula do n't need mess with -- like the big-bug movie . 
2	An uplifting , largely bogus story . 
4	Thanks to confident filmmaking and a pair of fascinate performance , the way to that destination be a really special walk in the wood . 
4	Superbly photograph and stag by Mendes with a series of rivet set piece the like of which mainstream audience have rarely see . 
4	A mesmerizing cinematic poem from the first frame to the last . 
3	After the first 10 minute , which be worth see 
1	It have become apparent that the franchise 's best year be long past . 
2	Screenwriter Chris ver Weil 's directing debut be good-natured and never dull , but it virtue be small and easily overshadow by it predictability . 
1	Too much of Storytelling move away from Solondz 's social critique , cast it audience a that of intellectual lector in contemplation of the auteur 's professional injury . 
1	Ultimately , Sarah 's dedication to find her husband seem more psychotic than romantic , and nothing in the movie make a convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweigh all the loss we witness . 
0	The joke be flat , and the action look fake . 
2	A mildly enjoyable if toothless adaptation of a much good book . 
0	Festers in just such a dungpile that you 'd swear you be watch monkey fling their feces at you . 
0	In addition to the overcook , ham-fisted direction , which have all the actor reach for the back row , the dialogue sound like horrible poetry . 
0	A vile , incoherent mess ... a scummy ripoff of David Cronenberg 's brilliant ` Videodrome . ' 
1	First , for a movie that try to be smart , it 's kinda dumb . 
2	I be send a copyof this film to review on DVD . 
1	... silly humbuggery ... 
1	Is n't as sharp a the original ... Despite some visual virtue , ` Blade II ' just do n't cut it . 
3	A smart , arch and rather cold-blooded comedy . 
0	-LRB- A -RRB- rather thinly-conceived movie . 
3	Its flame-like , roil black-and-white inspires tremble and gratitude . 
4	Robinson 's web of suspense match the page-turning frenzy that Clancy create . 
3	A slight but sweet film . 
2	Got a David Lynch jones ? 
2	Earnest and tentative even when it aim to shock . 
1	Time of Favor could have give audience the time of day by concentrate on the element of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly be at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation . 
4	`` Austin Powers in Goldmember '' have the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and have enough laugh to sustain interest to the end . 
2	What puzzle me be the lack of emphasis on music in Britney Spears ' first movie . 
2	The filmmaker might want to look it up . 
4	While maintain the appearance of clinical objectivity , this sad , occasionally horrify but often inspiring film be among Wiseman 's warm . 
4	There be simply no doubt that this film ask the right question at the right time in the history of our country . 
0	A dreary movie . 
1	Sadly , though many of the actor throw off a spark or two when they first appear , they ca n't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction . 
1	To the filmmaker , Ivan be a prince of a fellow , but he come across a shallow and glib though not mean-spirited , and there 's no indication that he 's be responsible for put together any movie of particular value or merit . 
3	Using a stock plot , About a Boy inject just enough freshness into the proceeding to provide an enjoyable 100 minute in a movie theater . 
3	Beating the Austin Powers film at their own game , this blaxploitation spoof downplay the raunch in favor of gag that rely on the strength of their own cleverness a oppose to the extent of their outrageousness . 
3	What begin a a conventional thriller evolve into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounter . 
2	Buy popcorn . 
2	A late-night cable sexploitation romp masquerade a a thriller about the ruthless social order that govern college clique . 
1	A well-intentioned effort that 's still too burden by the actor 's offbeat sensibility for the earnest emotional core to emerge with any degree of accessibility . 
2	-LRB- Allen 's -RRB- be make piffle for a long while , and Hollywood Ending may be his way of say that piffle be all that the airhead movie business deserves from him right now . 
3	Seeing a the film lack momentum and it position remain mostly undeterminable , the director 's experiment be a successful one . 
4	Judith and Zaza 's extended bedroom sequence ... be so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing that it make most of what pass for sex in the movie look like cheap hysteric . 
1	Uneven performance and a spotty script add up to a biting satire that have no teeth . 
0	... irritate soul-searching garbage . 
3	A solid , spooky entertainment worthy of the price of a ticket . 
2	Ultimately , clarity matter , both in break code and make movie . 
0	In comparison to his early film it seem a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class London life ; despite the title ... amount to surprisingly little . 
2	Proves mainly that South Korean filmmaker can make undemanding action movie with all the alacrity of their Hollywood counterpart . 
4	Except it 's much , much well . 
4	It be a happy , heady jumble of thought and storytelling , an insane comic undertaking that ultimately cohere into a sane and breathtakingly creative film . 
2	There be more than one joke about put the toilet seat down . 
2	have -RRB- 
4	So original in it base concept that you can not help but get catch up . 
0	It appear to have be make by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion be an entirely foreign concept . 
2	If you ignore the cliche and concentrate on City by the Sea 's interpersonal drama , it ai n't half-bad . 
3	A dreadful day in Irish history be give passionate , if somewhat flaw , treatment . 
4	See it . 
1	Nothing but an episode of Smackdown ! 
2	A guilty pleasure at best , and not worth see unless you want to laugh at it . 
1	Perhaps a good celebration of these unfairly dismiss hero would be a film that be n't this painfully force , false and fabricate . 
0	A relative letdown . 
2	` Hey Arnold ! ' 
3	But though he only scratch the surface , at least he provide a strong itch to explore more . 
2	The band performance feature in Drumline be red hot ... -LRB- but -RRB- from a mere story point of view , the film 's ice cold . 
1	A non-mystery mystery . 
4	Leigh be one of the rare director who feel act be the heart and soul of cinema . 
3	The cast delivers without sham the raw-nerved story . 
1	This be a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking : joyless , idiotic , annoy , heavy-handed , visually atrocious , and often downright creepy . 
2	The filmmaker 's heart be in the right place ... 
0	One of the most highly-praised disappointment I 've have the misfortune to watch in quite some time . 
1	Rock 's stand-up magic wane . 
1	Roman Polanski direct The Pianist like a surgeon mend a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion . 
1	Sadly , ` Garth ' have n't progress as nicely a ` Wayne . ' 
2	With wit and empathy to spare , waydowntown acknowledge the silent scream of workaday inertia but stop short of indulge it character ' strive solipsism . 
1	It labour a storytelling . 
1	Remember back when thriller actually thrill ? 
3	The otherwise good-naturedness of Mr . Deeds , with it embrace of sheer goofiness and cameo of less - than-likely New York celebrity ... certainly raise the film above anything Sandler 's be attach to before . 
1	Fails so fundamentally on every conventional level that it achieve some kind of goofy grandeur . 
2	... a ho-hum affair , always watchable yet hardly memorable . 
1	I just saw this movie ... well , it 's probably not accurate to call it a movie . 
2	Though uniformly well act , especially by young Ballesta and Galan -LRB- a first-time actor -RRB- , writer\/director Achero Manas 's film be schematic and obvious . 
2	When you resurrect a dead man , Hard Copy should come a-knocking , no ? 
2	If the idea of the white man arrive on foreign shore to show wary native the true light be abhorrent to you , the simplistic Heaven will quite likely be more like hell . 
2	It 's hard to believe that a relationship like Holly and Marina 's could survive the hothouse emotion of teendom , and it longevity get more inexplicable a the characterization turn more crassly reductive . 
2	For a movie audience , The Hours do n't connect in a neat way , but introduces character who illuminate mystery of sex , duty and love . 
1	Purports to be a Hollywood satire but wind up a the kind of film that should be the target of something deep and more engaging . 
3	Too clever by about nine-tenths . 
1	This be no `` Waterboy ! '' 
2	They 're go through the motion , but the zip be go . 
2	The script 's snazzy dialogue establish a realistic atmosphere that involve u in the unfolding crisis , but the lazy plotting ensure that little of our emotional investment pay off . 
2	Not as good a the original , but what be ... 
4	Those moviegoer who would automatically bypass a hip-hop documentary should give `` Scratch '' a second look . 
3	Bigelow offer some flashy twist and turn that occasionally fortify this turgid fable . 
1	An unsophisticated sci-fi drama that take itself all too seriously . 
0	Stupid , infantile , redundant , sloppy , over-the-top , and amateurish . 
2	Resident Evil be what come from take John Carpenter 's Ghosts of Mars and eliminate the beheading . 
0	The movie resolutely avoids all the comic possibility of it situation , and become one more dumb high school comedy about sex gag and prom date . 
4	With or without the sex , a wonderful tale of love and destiny , tell well by a master storyteller 
3	Though it go far than both , anyone who have see The Hunger or Cat People will find little new here , but a tasty performance from Vincent Gallo lift this tale of cannibal lust above the ordinary . 
3	A terrific date movie , whatever your orientation . 
0	Once the expectation of laughter have be quash by whatever obscenity be at hand , even the funny idea be n't funny . 
1	How do you make a movie with depth about a man who lack any ? 
1	Translation : ` We do n't need to try very hard . ' 
4	`` Frailty '' offer chill much like those that you get when sit around a campfire around midnight , tell creepy story to give each other the willies . 
2	Less front-loaded and more shapely than the two-hour version release here in 1990 . 
4	An ambitious movie that , like Shiner 's organizing of the big fight , pull off enough of it effect to make up for the one that do n't come off . 
4	Some movie suck you in despite their flaw , and Heaven be one such beast . 
4	Very well write and direct with brutal honesty and respect for it audience . 
4	Twenty year after it first release , E.T . remain the most wondrous of all Hollywood fantasy -- and the apex of Steven Spielberg 's misunderstood career . 
1	Gooding offer a desperately ingratiating performance . 
1	... stumble over every cheap trick in the book try to make the outrage come even easy . 
3	Nicely combine the enigmatic feature of ` Memento ' with the hallucinatory drug culture of ` Requiem for a Dream . ' 
4	Every individual will see the movie through the prism of his or her own belief and prejudice , but the one thing most will take away be the sense that peace be possible . 
0	Just a bunch of good actor flail around in a caper that 's neither original nor terribly funny . 
0	This ill-conceived and expensive project wind up look like a bunch of talented thesps slum it . 
1	Broder 's screenplay be shallow , offensive and redundant , with pitifully few real laugh . 
4	Leguizamo and Jones be both excellent and the rest of the cast be uniformly superb . 
1	Trying to figure out the rule of the Country Bear universe -- when be bear bear and when be they like human , only hairy -- would tax Einstein 's brain . 
2	`` Feardotcom '' have the making of an interesting meditation on the ethereal nature of the internet and the otherworldly energies it could channel , but it simply become a routine shocker . 
4	Delia , Greta , and Paula rank a three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female character of the year . 
3	The beauty of Alexander Payne 's ode to the Everyman be in the detail . 
1	The town have kind of an authentic feel , but each one of these people stand out and everybody else be in the background and it just seem manufacture to me and artificial . 
1	Julie Davis be the Kathie Lee Gifford of film director , sadly prove once again ego do n't always go hand in hand with talent . 
3	Much credit must be give to the water-camera operate team of Don King , Sonny Miller , and Michael Stewart . 
2	In this film , Aussie David Caesar channel the not-quite-dead career of Guy Ritchie . 
4	As averse a I usually be to feel-good , follow-your-dream Hollywood fantasy , this one get to me . 
3	Maybe it be formula filmmaking , but there 's nothing wrong with that if the film be well-crafted and this one be . 
2	Would you laugh if a tuba-playing dwarf roll down a hill in a trash can ? 
0	Loses it sense of humor in a vat of failed joke , twitchy acting , and general boorishness . 
1	This misty-eyed Southern nostalgia piece , in tread the line between sappy and sanguine , wind up mire in tear-drenched quicksand . 
1	To be oblivious to the existence of this film would be very sweet indeed . 
3	Despite it flaw ... Belinsky be still able to create an engaging story that keep you guess at almost every turn . 
2	A porn film without the sex scene . 
2	The movie play up the cartoon 's more obvious strength of snazziness while neglect it less conspicuous write strength . 
3	Notwithstanding my problem with the movie 's final half hour , I 'm go to recommend SECRETARY , base on the wonderful acting clinic put on by Spader and Gyllenhaal , and also the unique way Shainberg go about tell what at heart be a sweet little girl - 
1	Despite slick production value and director Roger Michell 's tick-tock pacing , the final effect be like have two guy yell in your face for two hour . 
3	`` Barbershop '' be a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky character and an engaging story . 
1	A soulless jumble of ineptly assemble cliche and pabulum that play like a 95-minute commercial for NBA property . 
2	An ambitious , serious film that manage to do virtually everything wrong ; sit through it be something akin to an act of cinematic penance . 
4	Consistently clever and suspenseful . 
3	Soderbergh skim the fat from the 1972 film . 
2	Hilarious musical comedy though stymie by accent thick a mud . 
1	A movie like The Guys be why film criticism can be consider work . 
0	Anyone who suffer through this film deserve , at the very least , a big box of consolation candy . 
2	Bearable . 
3	Cremaster 3 be at once a tough pill to swallow and a minor miracle of self-expression . 
3	But Kouyate elicit strong performance from his cast , and he deliver a powerful commentary on how government lie , no matter who run them . 
3	See it for his performance if nothing else . 
4	The asylum material be grip , a be the scene of Jia with his family . 
4	I walk away from this new version of E.T . just a I hop I would -- with moist eye . 
0	Attal push too hard to make this a comedy or serious drama . 
1	play like some corny television production from a bygone era 
4	It 's a powerful though flawed movie , guarantee to put a lump in your throat while reaffirm Washington a possibly the best actor work in movie today . 
1	Solondz may well be the only one laughing at his own joke 
1	Here 's a case of two actor who do everything humanly possible to create character who be sweet and believable , and be defeat by a screenplay that force them into bizarre , implausible behavior . 
3	Any enjoyment will be hinge from a personal threshold of watch sad but endear character do extremely unconventional thing . 
1	Some Body smack of exhibitionism more than it do cathartic truth telling . 
3	Though writer\/director Bart Freundlich 's film ultimately become a simplistic story about a dysfunctional parent-child relationship , it have some special quality and the soulful gravity of Crudup 's anchor performance . 
0	-LRB- Carvey 's -RRB- character be both overplayed and exaggerated , but then again , subtlety have never be his trademark . 
4	This beautifully animated epic be never dull . 
3	Charming and witty , it 's also somewhat clumsy . 
1	In one scene , we get a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of Quentin Tarantino 's climactic shootout -- and Meat Loaf explodes . 
0	frustratingly refuse to give Pinochet 's crime a political context 
2	Paul Bettany play Malcolm McDowell ? 
2	A serviceable Euro-trash action extravaganza , with a decent sense of humor and plenty of thing that go boom -- handgun , BMWs and seaside chateau . 
2	Veterans of the dating war will smirk uneasily at the film 's nightmare version of everyday sex-in-the-city misadventure . 
4	It send you away a believer again and quite cheer at just that . 
1	The rollerball sequence feel sanitise and stagey . 
1	Interview With the Assassin be structure less a a documentary and more a a found relic , and a such the film have a difficult time shake it Blair Witch Project real-time root . 
4	It be most remarkable not because of it epic scope , but because of the startle intimacy it achieve despite that breadth . 
1	A nearly 21\/2 hour , the film be way too indulgent . 
1	Seems like something American and European gay movie be do 20 year ago . 
1	Claims to sort the bad guy from the good , which be it essential problem . 
2	Mana give u compel , damage character who we want to help -- or hurt . 
1	Good-looking but relentlessly lowbrow out play like Clueless Does South Fork . 
3	Evokes a palpable sense of disconnection , make all the more poignant by the incessant use of cell phone . 
3	The concept be a hoot . 
4	A straight-shooting family film which award animal the respect they 've rarely be give . 
2	The directive to protect the code at all cost also begin to blur a the importance of the man and the code merge 
2	What Eric Schaeffer have accomplish with Never Again may not , strictly speak , qualify a revolutionary . 
0	Obvious , obnoxious and didactic burlesque . 
2	What can one say about a balding 50-year-old actor play an innocent boy carve from a log ? 
2	Ca n't seem to get anywhere near the story 's center . 
1	Even with it $ 50-million US budget , Pinocchio never quite achieve the feel of a fanciful motion picture . 
1	A little more intensity and a little less charm would have save this film a world of hurt . 
1	Like most of Jaglom 's film , some of it be honestly affecting , but more of it seem contrive and secondhand . 
2	Maelstrom be a deliberately unsteady mixture of stylistic element . 
3	Just bring on the Battle Bots , please ! 
3	Sweet Home Alabama be n't go to win any Academy Awards , but this date-night diversion will definitely win some heart . 
1	Love may have be in the air onscreen , but I certainly be n't feel any of it . 
1	Too long , and lard with exposition , this somber cop drama ultimately feels as flat a the scruffy sand of it titular community . 
1	The young star be too cute ; the story and ensue complication be too manipulative ; the message be too blatant ; the resolution be too convenient . 
2	In some way , Lagaan be quintessential Bollywood . 
1	A characteristically engorge and sloppy coming-of-age movie . 
4	A wry , affectionate delight . 
3	Credit director Ramsay for take the sometimes improbable story and make it feel realistic . 
3	The auteur 's ear for the way fear and slight be telegraph in the most blithe exchange give the film it lingering tug . 
3	Gets well after Foster leave that little room . 
3	Despite it lavish formalism and intellectual austerity , the film manage to keep you at the edge of your seat with it shape-shifting peril , political intrigue and brush with calamity . 
1	Friday After Next be the kind of film that could only be make by African-Americans because of it broad racial insensitivity towards African-Americans . 
1	As lively an account a Seinfeld be deadpan . 
2	Brings awareness to an issue often overlook -- woman 's depression . 
1	Imagine a film that begin a a Seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of The Shining , The Thing , and any naked teenager horror flick from the 1980s . 
3	Definitely funny stuff , but it 's more of the ` laughing at ' variety than the ` laughing with . ' 
3	A hearten tale of small victory and endure hope . 
4	An emotionally strong and politically potent piece of cinema . 
0	An extremely unpleasant film . 
1	More intellectually scary than dramatically involve . 
2	A puzzling experience . 
2	Jonah be only so-so ... the addition of a biblical message will either improve the film for you , or it will lessen it . 
4	I hope the movie be widely see and debate with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness . 
4	Intelligent and moving . 
1	This film be too busy hit all of it assigned mark to take on any life of it own . 
2	Mark Wahlberg ... may look classy in a '60s - homage pokepie hat , but a a character he 's dry , dry , dry . 
3	The moral shrapnel and mental shellshock will linger long after this film have end . 
2	As Warren he stumble in search of all the emotion and life experience he 's neglect over the year . 
1	It should have stay there . 
0	... in the pile of useless actioners from MTV schmuck who do n't know how to tell a story for more than four minute . 
0	It be not the first time that director Sara Sugarman stoop to have character drop their pant for laugh and not the last time she fail to provoke them . 
1	There 's no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of Joan 's prefeminist plight , so we 're leave think the only reason to make the movie be because present standard allow for plenty of nudity . 
3	There be a strong directorial stamp on every frame of this stylish film that be able to visualize schizophrenia but be still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye . 
4	Romantic , rivet and handsomely animate . 
0	This overproduce piece of dreck be shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary . 
1	As saccharine a it be disposable . 
4	Captures the raw comic energy of one of our most flamboyant female comic . 
2	A subtle , poignant picture of goodness that be flaw , compromise and sad . 
4	An exceptionally act , quietly affect cop drama . 
1	Even in the summertime , the most restless young audience deserve the dignity of an action hero motivate by something more than franchise possibility . 
4	Perfectly pitch between comedy and tragedy , hope and despair , About Schmidt instead come far close than many movie to express the way many of u live -- someplace between consume self-absorption and insistently demand otherness . 
3	She nearly glow with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit . 
3	Despite modest aspiration it occasional charm be not to be dismiss . 
1	So exaggerated and broad that it come off a annoy rather than charm . 
4	Strange , funny , twist , brilliant and macabre . 
1	The film have the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily write , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plot and fill with crude humor and vulgar innuendo . 
2	The cast come through even when the movie do n't . 
3	A rock-solid gangster movie with a fair amount of suspense , intrigue character and bizarre bank robbery , plus a heavy dose of father-and-son dynamic . 
3	It 's both degrading and strangely liberate to see people work so hard at lead life of sexy intrigue , only to be reveal by the dispassionate Gantz brother a ordinary , pasty lumpen . 
2	Innocuous enough to make even Jean-Claude Van Damme look good . 
0	But if the essence of magic be it make-believe promise of life that soar above the material realm , this be the opposite of a truly magical movie . 
1	But it storytelling prowess and special effect be both listless . 
4	I stop think about how good it all be , and start do nothing but react to it - feel a part of it grand location , think urgently a the protagonist struggle , feel at the mercy of it inventiveness , gasp at it visual delight . 
2	Newcomer helmer Kevin Donovan be hamstring by a badly handle screenplay of what be really an amusing concept -- a high-tech tux that transform it wearer into a superman . 
1	One Hour Photo may seem disappoint in it generality , but it 's the little nuance that perhaps have to escape from director Mark Romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny to happen , that finally get under your skin . 
2	With a confrontational stance , Todd Solondz take aim on political correctness and suburban family . 
1	A processed comedy chop suey . 
3	eventually arrive at it heart , a simple self-reflection meditation . 
1	Proves a lovely trifle that , unfortunately , be a little too in love with it own cuteness . 
3	So purely enjoyable that you might not even notice it 's a fairly straightforward remake of Hollywood comedy such a Father of the Bride . 
4	An intelligent , multi-layered and profoundly humanist -LRB- not to mention gently political -RRB- meditation on the value of knowledge , education , and the affect of cultural and geographical displacement . 
0	I 'm not sure which be bad : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by Vincent R. Nebrida or the gutless direction by Laurice Guillen . 
4	A sexy , peculiar and always entertaining costume drama set in Renaissance Spain , and the fact that it 's base on true event somehow make it all the more compelling . 
3	The Santa Clause 2 prove itself a more streamlined and think out encounter than the original could ever have hop to be . 
0	Goldmember have none of the visual wit of the previous picture , and it look a though Jay Roach direct the film from the back of a taxicab . 
3	It 's a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lift your spirit as well a the corner of your mouth . 
3	Highly recommend a an engross story about a horrifying historical event and the element which contribute to it . 
1	Goes on and on to the point of nausea . 
2	-LRB- Raimi 's -RRB- mature quite a bit with Spider-Man , even though it 's one of the most plain white toast comic book film you 'll ever see . 
1	It 's about as convincing a any other Arnie musclefest , but have a little too much resonance with real world event and ultimately come off a insultingly simplistic . 
1	An unbelievably stupid film , though occasionally fun enough to make you forget it absurdity . 
3	In between the icy stunt , the actor spout hilarious dialogue about follow your dream and ` just let the mountain tell you what to do . ' 
3	A modestly surprising movie . 
4	... a powerful sequel and one of the best film of the year . 
3	Combines improbable melodrama -LRB- gore bullfighter , comatose ballerina -RRB- with subtly kinky bedside vigil and sensational denouement , and yet at the end , we be undeniably touch . 
3	This be one of Mr. Chabrol 's subtle work , but also one of his most uncanny . 
2	This one be strictly a lightweight escapist film . 
2	It 's actually too sincere -- the crime movie equivalent of a chick flick . 
1	If the title be a Jeopardy question , then the answer might be `` How do Steven Seagal come across these day ? '' 
1	Unambitious write emerges in the movie , use a plot that could have come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook . 
1	Not that any of u should be complain when a film clock in around 90 minute these day , but the plotting here leave a lot to be desire . 
3	There be a freedom to watch stunt that be this crude , this fast-paced and this insane . 
0	` This movie suck . ' 
1	Dignified CEO 's meet at a rustic retreat and pee against a tree . 
1	A sugar-coated Rocky whose valuable message be forgotten 10 minute after the last trombone honk . 
1	The movie be too amateurishly square to make the most of it own ironic implication . 
3	What set this romantic comedy apart from most Hollywood romantic comedy be it low-key way of tackle what seem like done-to-death material . 
4	The film 's constant mood of melancholy and it unhurried narrative be masterfully control . 
2	Barry Sonnenfeld owe Frank the Pug big time 
2	One get the impression the creator of Do n't Ask Do n't Tell laugh a hell of a lot at their own joke . 
1	Schrader aim to present an unflinching look at one man 's downfall , bring about by his lack of self-awareness . 
0	After that it become long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course . 
1	Blue Crush follow the formula , but throw in too many conflict to keep the story compelling . 
3	A small gem of a movie that defy classification and be as thought-provoking a it be funny , scary and sad . 
2	Somewhere in the middle , the film compels , a Demme experiment he harvest a few movie moment gem , but the field of roughage dominates . 
0	While the story be better-focused than the incomprehensible Anne Rice novel it 's base upon , Queen Of The Damned be a pointless , meander celebration of the goth-vampire , torture woe-is-me lifestyle . 
3	The color sense of Stuart Little 2 be it most immediate and most obvious pleasure , but it would count for very little if the movie be n't a beautifully shape and a delicately calibrate in tone a it be . 
2	Parts 
3	In visual fertility Treasure Planet rival the top Japanese animation of recent vintage . 
1	This toothless Dog , already on cable , lose all bite on the big screen . 
1	Make Chan 's action sequence boring . 
1	It all come down to whether you can tolerate Leon Barlow . 
3	The Wild Thornberrys Movie have all the sibling rivalry and general family chaos to which anyone can relate . 
4	Peralta capture , in luminous interview and amazingly evocative film from three decade ago , the essence of the Dogtown experience . 
0	As the movie drag on , I think I hear a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully draw toward the light -- the light of the exit sign . 
3	Will certainly appeal to Asian cult cinema fan and Asiaphiles interested to see what all the fuss be about . 
1	Green ruin every single scene he 's in , and the film , while it 's not completely wreak , be seriously compromise by that . 
1	Evokes the frustration , the awkwardness and the euphoria of grow up , without rely on the usual trope . 
4	Standing in the Shadows of Motown be the best kind of documentary , one that make a deplete yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow . 
3	This be a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker , but good actor , good poetry and good music help sustain it . 
3	A thriller whose style , structure and rhythm be so integrated with the story , you can not separate them . 
3	It 's mostly a pleasure to watch . 
1	The first question to ask about Bad Company be why Anthony Hopkins be in it . 
2	Nair and writer Laura Cahill dare to build a movie around some flaw but rather unexceptional woman , emerge with a fine character study that 's short on plot but rich in the tiny revelation of real life . 
4	Goofy , nutty , consistently funny . 
4	Audiard successfully maintain suspense on different level throughout a film that be both grip and compelling . 
3	Welles groupie\/scholar Peter Bogdanovich take a long time to do it , but he 's finally provide his own broadside at publish giant William Randolph Hearst . 
1	The most excruciating 86 minute one might sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill . 
2	Skillful a he be , Mr. Shyamalan be undone by his pretension . 
2	Fans of so-bad-they 're - good cinema may find some fun in this jumbled mess . 
0	We start to wonder if ... some unpaid intern have just type ` Chris Rock , ' ` Anthony Hopkins ' and ` terrorist ' into some Univac-like script machine . 
4	Mostly work because of the universal theme , earnest performance ... and excellent use of music by India 's popular Gulzar and Jagjit Singh . 
3	A perceptive , good-natured movie . 
3	This be n't a stand up and cheer flick ; it 's a sit down and ponder affair . 
2	One of the pleasure in Walter 's documentary ... be the parade of veteran painter , confound dealer , and miscellaneous bohos who expound upon the subject 's mysterious personality without ever explain him . 
1	Adrift , Bentley and Hudson stare and sniffle , respectively , a Ledger attempt , in vain , to prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design . 
2	The real charm of this trifle be the deadpan comic face of it star , Jean Reno , who resemble Sly Stallone in a hot sake half-sleep . 
3	And there 's an element of heartbreak to watch it now , with old and wiser eye , because we know what will happen after Greene 's story end . 
1	Rather than real figure 
3	By no mean a great movie , but it be a refreshingly forthright one . 
1	Not just unlikable . 
2	Show me the mugging . 
3	Hashiguchi use the situation to evoke a Japan bustle atop an undercurrent of loneliness and isolation . 
4	It 's a rollicking adventure for you and all your mateys , regardless of their age . 
2	The next big thing 's not-so-big -LRB- and not-so-hot -RRB- directorial debut . 
3	If you 're content with a clever pseudo-bio that manage to have a good time a it doles out piece of the famous director 's life , Eisenstein delivers . 
1	Overly long and worshipful bio-doc . 
4	A visual spectacle full of stunning image and effect . 
3	There be something that be so meditative and lyrical about Babak Payami 's boldly quirky Iranian drama Secret Ballot ... a charming and evoke little ditty that manage to show the gentle and humane side of Middle Eastern world politics 
2	It 's easy to be cynical about documentary in which underdogs beat the odds and the human spirit triumph , but Westbrook 's foundation and Dalrymple 's film earn their uplift . 
3	The difference be that I truly enjoyed most of Mostly Martha while I ne 
2	I ca n't remember the last time I saw a movie where I want so badly for the protagonist to fail . 
1	Falsehoods pile up , undermine the movie 's reality and stifle it creator 's comic voice . 
4	The early and middle passage be surprise in how much they engage and even touch u . 
1	Limps along on a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that go nowhere and go there very , very slowly . 
2	A really funny fifteen-minute short stretch beyond it limit to fill an almost feature-length film . 
4	Writer and director Otar Iosseliani 's pleasant tale about a factory worker who escape for a holiday in Venice reveals how we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our soul . 
0	A mechanical action-comedy whose seem purpose be to market the charismatic Jackie Chan to even young audience . 
0	Chalk it up a the bad kind of hubristic folly . 
2	Though Haynes ' style ape film from the period ... it message be not root in that decade . 
2	But I do . 
3	A compelling allegory about the last day of Germany 's democratic Weimar Republic . 
1	Director Jay Russell stomp in hobnail boot over Natalie Babbitt 's gentle , endear 1975 child 's novel . 
2	It be an indelible epic American story about two family , one black and one white , face change in both their inner and outer life . 
4	It 's a raw and action-packed an experience a a ringside seat at a tough-man contest . 
3	... -LRB- the film -RRB- work , due mostly to the tongue-in-cheek attitude of the screenplay . 
3	You walk out of The Good Girl with mixed emotion -- disapproval of Justine combine with a tinge of understand for her action . 
2	The movie strain to stay on the light , comic side of the issue , despite the difficulty of do so when deal with the destruction of property and , potentially , of life itself . 
1	Unfortunately the story and the actor be serve with a hack script . 
1	This be an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and it impact upon the relationship of the survivor . 
4	The immersive power of the giant screen and it hyper-realistic image be put to perfect use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary Space Station 3D . 
0	A tired , unnecessary retread ... a stale copy of a picture that be n't all that great to begin with . 
1	Its initial excitement settle into a warm over pastiche . 
4	Muccino , who direct from his own screenplay , be a canny crowd pleaser , and The Last Kiss ... provide more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex . 
3	It challenge , this nervy oddity , like modern art should . 
4	Read My Lips be to be view and treasure for it extraordinary intelligence and originality as well a it lyrical variation on the game of love . 
4	An hour and a half of joyful solo performance . 
3	Like it parade of predecessor , this Halloween be a gory slash-fest . 
2	Better than the tepid Star Trek : Insurrection ; fall short of First Contact because the villain could n't pick the lint off Borg Queen Alice Krige 's cape ; and finish half a parsec -LRB- a nose -RRB- ahead of Generations . 
3	Exploits -LRB- headbanger -RRB- stereotype in good fun , while add a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter . 
0	It 's just rather leaden and dull . 
1	Rice never clearly define his character or give u a reason to care about them . 
3	Although the subject matter may still be too close to recent national event , the film work - mostly due to it superior cast of character . 
3	A deeply felt and vividly detailed story about newcomer in a strange new world . 
2	The film 's darker moments become smooth over by an overwhelming need to tender inspirational tidings , especially in the last few cloy moment . 
3	From the opening strain of the Average White Band 's `` Pick up the Pieces '' , you can feel the love . 
1	Its impressive image of crematorium chimney fire and stack of dead body be undermine by the movie 's presentation , which be way too stagy . 
3	Triple X be a double agent , and he 's one bad dude . 
3	There have be a string of ensemble cast romance recently ... but Peter Mattei 's Love in the Time of Money set itself apart by form a chain of relationship that come full circle to end on a positive -LRB- if tragic -RRB- note . 
3	This be popcorn movie fun with equal dos of action , cheese , ham and cheek -LRB- as well a a serious debt to The Road Warrior -RRB- , but it feel like unrealized potential 
4	As an actress , Madonna be one helluva singer . 
1	Jaglom offer the none-too-original premise that everyone involve with moviemaking be a con artist and a liar . 
3	The filmmaker ' eye for detail and the high standard of performance convey a strong sense of the girl ' environment . 
2	It wrap up a classic mother\/daughter struggle in recycled paper with a shiny new bow and while the audience can tell it 's not all new , at least it look pretty . 
0	or maybe `` How will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of The Rock with action confine to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ? '' 
3	Enough may pander to our base desire for payback , but unlike many revenge fantasy , it ultimately deliver . 
1	How can such a cold movie claim to express warmth and longing ? 
2	Only at the prospect of Beck 's next project . 
4	... a vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw coming-of-age tale full of sex , drug and rock 'n ' roll . 
4	A bittersweet contemporary comedy about benevolent deception , which , while it may not rival the filmmaker 's period piece , be still very much worth see . 
0	Shankman ... and screenwriter Karen Janszen bungle their way through the narrative a if it be a series of Bible parable and not an actual story . 
3	They can and will turn on a dime from oddly humorous to tediously sentimental . 
0	It 's a terrible movie in every regard , and utterly painful to watch . 
0	Why spend $ 9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby ? 
3	Evokes the 19th century with a subtlety that be an object lesson in period filmmaking . 
4	All three actress be simply dazzling , particularly Balk , who 's finally be give a part worthy of her considerable talent . 
2	The beautiful , unusual music be this film 's chief draw , but it dreaminess may lull you to sleep . 
3	You may be captivate , a I be , by it mood , and by it subtly transform star , and still wonder why Paul Thomas Anderson ever have the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which Adam Sandler will probably ever appear . 
1	The only surprise be that heavyweight Joel Silver and Robert Zemeckis agree to produce this ; I assume the director have picture of them cavort in lady ' underwear . 
1	Ver Wiel 's desperate attempt at wit be lose , leave the character of Critical Jim two-dimensional and pointless . 
4	So vivid a portrait of a woman consume by lust and love and crush by betrayal that it conjure up the intoxicating fume and emotional ghost of a freshly paint Rembrandt . 
1	Cacoyannis ' vision be far less mature , interpret the play a a call for pity and sympathy for anachronistic phantasm haunt the imagined glory of their own past . 
0	In other word , it 's badder than bad . 
0	Wedding feel a bit anachronistic . 
1	Dong never push for insight beyond the superficial tension of the dynamic he 's dissecting , and the film settle too easily along the contour of expectation . 
1	Little be do to support the premise other than fling gag at it to see which one shtick . 
4	Brings to a spectacular completion one of the most complex , generous and subversive artwork of the last decade . 
3	With an obvious rapport with her actor and a striking style behind the camera 
2	You can see where Big Bad Love be try to go , but it never quite get there . 
1	A sleek advert for youthful anomie that never quite equal the sum of it pretension . 
1	Statham employ an accent that I think be suppose to be an attempt at hardass American but sometimes just lapse into unhidden British . 
2	If A Few Good Men tell u that we `` ca n't handle the truth '' than High Crimes poetically state at one point in this movie that we `` do n't care about the truth . '' 
0	So boring that even it target audience talk all the way through it . 
2	Wiser soul would have tactfully pretend not to see it and leave it lie there 
0	Rarely have sex on screen be so aggressively anti-erotic . 
3	The Hours , a delicately craft film , be an impressive achievement in spite of a river of sadness that pour into every frame . 
3	Delivers roughly equal amount of beautiful movement and inside information . 
2	Showtime 's starry cast could be both an asset and a detriment . 
4	-LRB- Dong -RRB- make a valiant effort to understand everyone 's point of view , and he do such a good job of it that Family Fundamentals get you rile up . 
4	Light the candle , bring out the cake and do n't fret about the calorie because there 's precious little substance in Birthday Girl -- it 's simply , and surprisingly , a nice , light treat . 
4	In his debut a a director , Washington have a sure hand . 
4	-- but it make for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evening at the movie I 've have in a while . 
2	This be not Chabrol 's best , but even his lesser work outshine the best some director can offer . 
3	The heart of the film be a touching reflection on age , suffer and the prospect of death . 
4	It 's a glorious spectacle like those D.W. Griffith make in the early day of silent film . 
1	The movie be undone by a filmmaking methodology that 's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ring cliched to harden indie-heads . 
4	The year 's great adventure , and Jackson 's limited but enthusiastic adaptation have make literature literal without kill it soul -- a feat any think person be bind to appreciate . 
2	If this movie leave you cool , it also leave you intriguingly contemplative . 
3	When all be say and do , she love them to piece -- and so , I trust , will you . 
3	It take you somewhere you 're not likely to have see before , but beneath the exotic surface -LRB- and exotic dancing -RRB- it 's surprisingly old-fashioned . 
3	Director Claude Chabrol have become the master of innuendo . 
3	Woven together handsomely , recall sixty ' rockumentary milestone from Lonely Boy to Do n't Look Back . 
0	It 's petty thievery like this that put flimsy flick like this behind bar 
1	Paul Cox need to show it . 
2	A film that will probably please people already fascinate by Behan but leave everyone else yawn with admiration . 
3	The husky be beautiful , the border collie be funny and the overall feeling be genial and decent . 
1	They ought to be a whole lot scary than they be in this tepid genre offering . 
3	move 
0	Nearly every attempt at humor here be DOA . 
2	A piquant meditation on the thing that prevent people from reach happiness . 
4	This movie be to be cherish . 
4	The Bard a black comedy -- Willie would have love it . 
1	Too bland and fustily tasteful to be truly prurient . 
4	While Tattoo borrow heavily from both Seven and The Silence of the Lambs , it manage to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale character that suck the audience in . 
1	Once he start learn to compromise with reality enough to become comparatively sane and healthy , the film become predictably conventional . 
3	The film be ... determine to treat it character , weak and strong , a fallible human being , not caricature , and to carefully delineate the cost of the inevitable conflict between human urge and an institution concern with self-preservation . 
3	Even a it pay earnest homage to turntablists and beat juggler , old schoolers and current innovator , Scratch be great fun , full of the kind of energy it 's document . 
1	While it be interest to witness the conflict from the Palestinian side , Longley 's film lack balance ... and fail to put the struggle into meaningful historical context . 
3	Producer John Penotti survey high school student ... and come back with the astonishing revelation that `` they want to see something that do n't talk down to them . '' 
4	A real winner -- smart , funny , subtle , and resonant . 
2	Ultimate X be a ride , basically the kind of greatest-hits reel that might come with a subscription to ESPN the Magazine . 
2	Unfortunately , contrive plotting , stereotype character and Woo 's over-the-top instinct a a director undermine the moral dilemma at the movie 's heart . 
4	Jones ... make a great impression a the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking but have a huge heart . 
0	Even a hardened voyeur would require the patience of Job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture . 
4	I 'd watch these two together again in a New York minute . 
0	You can practically hear George Orwell turn over . 
4	Ferrara 's best film in year . 
2	Possibly not since Grumpy Old Men have I hear a film so solidly connect with one demographic while strike out with another . 
3	No doubt the star and everyone else involve have their heart in the right place . 
2	... a visually seductive , unrepentantly trashy take on Rice 's second installment of her Vampire Chronicles . 
4	Poetry in motion capture on film . 
1	Pretend like your SAT score be below 120 and you might not notice the flaw . 
1	None of Birthday Girl 's calculated event take u by surprise ... 
1	Twenty-three movie into a mostly magnificent directorial career , Clint Eastwood 's efficiently minimalist style finally have fail him . 
2	It 's like a `` Big Chill '' reunion of the Baader-Meinhof Gang , only these guy be more harmless prankster than political activist . 
4	Ms. Hutchins be talented enough and charismatic enough to make u care about Zelda 's ultimate fate . 
3	Successfully blend satire , high camp and yet another sexual taboo into a really funny movie . 
3	Really be a pan-American movie , with moment of genuine insight into the urban heart . 
2	Same song , second verse , coulda be well , but it coulda be bad . 
1	The superior plotline be n't quite enough to drag along the dead -LRB- water -RRB- weight of the other . 
2	Crikey indeed . 
2	It 's exactly what you 'd expect . 
1	It 's definitely not make for kid or their parent , for that matter , and I think even fan of Sandler 's comic taste may find it uninteresting . 
0	You can not guess why the cast and crew do n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never exist . 
3	A stir road movie . 
3	If you 've grow tired of go where no man have go before , but several movie have - take heart . 
3	It have more than a few moment that be insightful enough to be fondly remember in the endlessly challenge maze of moviegoing . 
1	It just go to show , an intelligent person be n't necessarily an admirable storyteller . 
4	Perhaps the best sport movie I 've ever see . 
1	Just send it to Cranky . 
1	Steven Soderbergh do n't remake Andrei Tarkovsky 's Solaris so much a distill it . 
1	Anyone who want to start write screenplay can just follow the same blueprint from hundred of other film , sell it to the high bidder and walk away without anyone truly know your identity . 
1	In theory , a middle-aged romance pair Clayburgh and Tambor sound promising , but in practice it 's something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life . 
1	Works well in the conception than it do in the execution ... wind up seem just a little too clever . 
2	New Yorkers always seem to find the odd place to dwell ... 
1	Vaguely interesting , but it 's just too too much . 
1	With all the sympathy , empathy and pity fog up the screen ... His Secret Life enter the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangle . 
1	Van Wilder have a built-in audience , but only among those who be dry out from spring break and be still unconcerned about what they ingest . 
1	No , even that 's too commit . 
4	The large-frame IMAX camera lend itself beautifully to film the teem life on the reef , make this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientist to grown-up fish lover . 
1	Low comedy do n't come much low . 
1	The characterization and dialogue lack depth or complexity , with the ironic exception of Scooter . 
3	dramatic snapshot 
2	What we get ... be Caddyshack cross with the Loyal Order of Raccoons . 
3	It 'll keep you wide awake and ... very tense . 
1	The movie be load with good intention , but in his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotion into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the Holocaust escape story , Minac drain his movie of all individuality . 
3	It may scream low budget , but this charmer have a spirit that can not be deny . 
3	Less an examination of neo-Nazism than a probe into the nature of faith itself . 
4	Though few will argue that it rank with the best of Herzog 's work , Invincible show he 's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film . 
3	While it may not add up to the sum of it part , Holofcener 's film offer just enough insight to keep it from be simpleminded , and the ensemble cast be engage enough to keep you from shift in your chair too often . 
3	There be no special effect , and no Hollywood ending . 
1	Despite Juliet Stevenon 's attempt to bring cohesion to Pamela 's emotional roller coaster life , it be not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately need . 
3	Not a schlocky creature feature but something far more stylish and cerebral -- and , hence , more chillingly effective . 
4	From a deceptively simple premise , this deeply move French drama develop a startling story that work both a a detailed personal portrait and a a rather frightening examination of modern time . 
2	The movie be obviously a labour of love so Howard appear to have have free rein to be as pretentious a he want . 
3	A stylish cast and some clever script solution help Chicago make the transition from stage to screen with considerable appeal intact . 
3	Fessenden 's narrative be just as much about the ownership and redefinition of myth a it be about a domestic unit find their way to joy . 
3	It 's a movie that accomplish so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough . 
4	You can sip your vintage wine and watch your Merchant Ivory production ; I 'll settle for a nice cool glass of iced tea and a Jerry Bruckheimer flick any day of the week . 
3	A quiet , disquiet triumph . 
0	A muddled limp biscuit of a movie , a vampire soap opera that do n't make much sense even on it own term . 
2	It look much more like a cartoon in the end than The Simpsons ever have . 
3	Hugely accomplished slice of Hitchcockian suspense . 
1	A generic international version of a typical American horror film . 
2	The result be good gossip , entertainingly deliver , yet with a distinctly musty odour , it expiry date long go . 
4	Just the labour involve in create the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light be astonish . 
3	Charlotte Sometimes be a gem . 
3	Stage director Sam Mendes showcases Tom Hanks a a depression era hit-man in this dark tale of revenge . 
3	Brady 
1	Upper Teens may get cynical . 
3	A gift to anyone who love both dance and cinema 
3	A small movie with a big heart . 
1	Like a comedian who start off promisingly but then proceeds to flop , Comedian run out of steam after a half hour . 
3	feel to it , but like the 1920 's , the trip there be a great deal of fun . 
3	Essentially a collection of bit -- and they 're all naughty . 
1	A cartoon ? 
2	Disney aficionado will notice distinct parallel between this story and the 1971 musical `` Bedknobs and Broomsticks , '' which also deal with British child rediscover the power of fantasy during wartime . 
1	These guy seem great to knock back a beer with but they 're simply not funny performer . 
0	It 's not a motion picture ; it 's an utterly static picture . 
3	The Powerpuff Girls arrive on the big screen with their super-powers , their super-simple animation and their super-dooper-adorability intact . 
1	Coal be n't as easy to come by a it use to be and this would be a worthy substitute for naughty child 's stocking . 
3	I love the opening scene of a wintry New York City in 1899 . 
3	If -LRB- Jaglom 's -RRB- late effort be not the director at his most sparkling , some of it repartee be still worth hearing . 
2	It share the first two film ' loose-jointed structure , but laugh-out-loud bit be few and far between . 
4	The movie be a trove of delight . 
1	With `` Ichi the Killer '' , Takashi Miike , Japan 's wild filmmaker give u a crime fighter carry more emotional baggage than Batman ... 
2	Were it not for a sentimental resolution that explain way more about Cal than do the movie or the character any good , Freundlich 's World Traveler might have be one of the more daring and surprising American movie of the year . 
2	Thin period piece . 
4	A well-executed spy-thriller . 
2	The stripped-down dramatic construct , austere imagery and abstract character be equal part poetry and politics , obvious at time but evocative and heartfelt . 
3	... the tale of her passionate , tumultuous affair with Musset unfolds a Sand 's masculine persona , with it love of life and beauty , take form . 
0	More of the same old garbage Hollywood have be try to pass off a acceptable teen entertainment for some time now . 
2	Strident and inelegant in it ` message-movie ' posturing . 
3	In the affable Maid in Manhattan , Jennifer Lopez 's most aggressive and most sincere attempt to take movie by storm , the diva shrewdly surround herself with a company of strictly A-list player . 
3	Gives an intriguing twist to the French coming-of-age genre . 
3	I 'd be lie if I say my ribcage do n't ache by the end of Kung Pow . 
3	Has the capability of effect change and inspire hope . 
0	Kitschy , flashy , overlong soap opera . 
1	White have n't develop character so much a caricature , one-dimensional buffoon that get him a few laugh but nothing else . 
1	... one resurrection too many . 
0	Execrable . 
3	It may be a no-brainer , but at least it 's a funny no-brainer . 
3	I like the movie , but I know I would have like it more if it have just go that one step far . 
3	-LRB- Allen 's -RRB- best work understand why snobbery be a good satiric target than middle-America diversion could ever be . 
1	It give poor Dana Carvey nothing to do that be really funny , and then expect u to laugh because he act so goofy all the time . 
2	Bernal and 
2	An ambitious and move but bleak film . 
3	If cinema have be around to capture the chaos of France in the 1790 's , one imagine the result would look like something like this . 
3	Slight but enjoyable documentary . 
2	Did the film inform and educate me ? 
1	If you be curious to see the darker side of what 's go on with young TV actor -LRB- Dawson Leery do what ? ! ? -RRB- , or see some interesting storytelling device , you might want to check it out , but there 's nothing very attractive about this movie . 
2	At the end of the movie , my 6-year-old nephew say , `` I guess I come from a broken family , and my uncle be all alien , too . '' 
2	All the actor be good in Pauline & Paulette but van der Groen , describe a ` Belgium 's national treasure , ' be especially terrific a Pauline . 
2	Curling may be a unique sport but Men with Brooms be distinctly ordinary . 
3	` Yes , that 's right : it 's Forrest Gump , Angel Of Death . ' 
3	Metaphors abound , but it be easy to take this film at face value and enjoy it slightly humorous and tender story . 
1	Comes across a a fairly weak retooling . 
1	This Orange have some juice , but it 's far from fresh-squeezed . 
3	By not avert his eye , Solondz force u to consider the unthinkable , the unacceptable , the unmentionable . 
3	A remarkably allure film set in the constrictive Eisenhower era about one suburban woman 's yearning in the face of a loss that shatter her cheery and tranquil suburban life . 
1	Ultimately this be a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of Louis Begley 's source novel -LRB- About Schmidt -RRB- and an old Payne screenplay . 
1	The movie be like a year late for tap into our reality tv obsession , and even tardy for exploit the novelty of the `` webcast . '' 
1	Chai 's structure and pacing be disconcertingly slack . 
2	Or else a doggie wink . 
3	You need n't be steep in '50s sociology , pop culture or movie lore to appreciate the emotional depth of Haynes ' work . 
2	Decasia be what have happen already to so many silent movie , newsreel and the like . 
4	More than anything else , Kissing Jessica Stein inject freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre , which have be hold hostage by generic script that seek to remake Sleepless in Seattle again and again . 
3	Fast and funny , an action cartoon that 's suspenseful enough for old kid but not too scary for the school-age crowd . 
2	After all the big build-up , the payoff for the audience , as well a the character , be messy , murky , unsatisfying . 
4	Not only good than it predecessor , it may rate a the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season . 
2	Once again , the intelligence of gay audience have be grossly underestimated , and a meaty plot and well-developed character have be sacrifice for skin and flash that barely fizzle . 
1	A film without surprise gear toward maximum comfort and familiarity . 
3	Definitely a crowd-pleaser , but then , so be the Roman Colosseum . 
3	Here be a VH1 Behind the Music special that have something a little more special behind it : music that do n't sell many record but help change a nation . 
4	Kids will love it fantasy and adventure , and grownup should appreciate it whimsical humor . 
1	After all , he take three minute of dialogue , 30 second of plot and turn them into a 90-minute movie that feel five hour long . 
0	Interminably bleak , to say nothing of boring . 
4	A naturally funny film , Home Movie make you crave Chris Smith 's next movie . 
4	The Bai brother have take an small slice of history and open it up for all of u to understand , and they 've tell a nice little story in the process . 
2	A Meatballs for the bare-midriff generation . 
0	This movie be about the bad thing Chan have do in the United States . 
3	Maintains your interest until the end and even leave you with a few lingering animate thought . 
3	From blush to gush -- Imamura squirt the screen in ` Warm Water Under a Red Bridge ' 
2	Entertainment more disposable than Hanna-Barbera 's half-hour cartoon ever be . 
1	The beautiful image and solemn word can not disguise the slack complacency of -LRB- Godard 's -RRB- vision , any more than the gorgeous piano and string on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice . 
1	Were Dylan Thomas alive to witness first-time director Ethan Hawke 's strained Chelsea Walls , he might have be tempt to change his landmark poem to , ` Do Not Go Gentle Into That Good Theatre . ' 
3	Affirms the gift of all involve , start with Spielberg and go right through the rank of the player -- on-camera and off -- that he bring together . 
2	A somewhat disappointing and meander saga . 
1	It 's in the action scenes that thing fall apart . 
0	There 's no palpable chemistry between Lopez and male lead Ralph Fiennes , plus the script by Working Girl scribe Kevin Wade be workmanlike in the extreme . 
1	A cleverly craft but ultimately hollow mockumentary . 
1	The uneven movie do have it charm and it funny moment but not quite enough of them . 
1	An unintentionally surreal kid 's picture ... in which actor in bad bear suit enact a sort of inter-species parody of a VH1 Behind the Music episode . 
2	It will break your heart many time over . 
1	This be a lax and limp a comedy a I 've see in a while , a meander through worn-out material . 
1	It 's both sitcomishly predictable and cloying in it attempt to be poignant . 
1	Though this rude and crude film do deliver a few gut-busting laugh , it dig at modern society be all thing we 've see before . 
1	-LRB- A -RRB- mess . 
0	A work that lack both a purpose and a strong pulse . 
3	The sword fighting be well do and Auteuil be a goofy pleasure . 
1	a stereotype 
4	The IMAX screen enhance the personal touch of manual animation . 
2	Kaufman and Jonze take huge risk to ponder the whole notion of passion -- our desire a human being for passion in our life and the emptiness one feel when it be miss . 
3	God bless Crudup and his aversion to take the easy Hollywood road and cashing in on his movie-star gorgeousness . 
1	Is it a comedy ? 
3	Unlike most surf movie , Blue Crush thrillingly use modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave . 
3	The best part about `` Gangs '' be Daniel Day-Lewis . 
3	Waiting for Godard can be fruitful : ` In Praise of Love ' be the director 's epitaph for himself . 
3	An edgy thriller that deliver a surprising punch . 
1	The movie would seem less of a trifle if Ms. Sugarman follow through on her defiance of the saccharine . 
0	` The War of the Roses , ' trailer-trash style . 
4	The result be a powerful , naturally dramatic piece of low-budget filmmaking . 
0	A fifty car pileup of cliche . 
1	Whole stretch of the film may be incomprehensible to moviegoer not already clothe in basic black . 
0	... pitiful , slapdash disaster . 
4	Charlotte Sometimes be a brilliant movie . 
2	You end up simply admire this bit or that , this performance or that . 
4	Godard have never make a more sheerly beautiful film than this unexpectedly move meditation on love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence . 
0	An erotic thriller that 's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , either . 
3	Carrying off a spot-on Scottish burr , Duvall -LRB- also a producer -RRB- peel layer from this character that may well not have exist on paper . 
2	A solid piece of journalistic work that draw a picture of a man for whom political expedience become a deadly foreign policy . 
4	Hopkins , squarely fill the screen . 
0	Irwin and his director never come up with an adequate reason why we should pay money for what we can get on television for free . 
2	Everything it title implies , a standard-issue crime drama spat out from the Tinseltown assembly line . 
3	Unfolds a one of the most politically audacious film of recent decade from any country , but especially from France . 
0	`` Abandon '' will leave you want to abandon the theater . 
3	Probably the best case for Christianity since Chesterton and Lewis . 
0	Before long , you 're desperate for the evening to end . 
2	It 's all a rather shapeless good time ... 
0	Feels more like a reject X-Files episode than a credible account of a puzzle real-life happening . 
0	No amount of good intention be able to overcome the triviality of the story . 
4	-LRB- Ramsay -RRB- visually transform the dreary expanse of dead-end distaste the character inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor . 
1	The film have -LRB- it -RRB- moment , but they be few and far between . 
3	... a sweetly affect story about four sister who be cop , in one way or another , with life 's endgame . 
2	A disturbing examination of what appear to be the definition of a ` bad ' police shooting . 
0	Distances you by throw out so many red herring , so many false scare , that the genuine one barely register . 
2	Almost . 
0	Every sequel you skip will be two hour gain . 
1	Been there do that . 
2	They exist for hushed line like `` They 're back ! '' 
3	Somehow Ms. Griffiths and Mr. Pryce bring off this wild Welsh whimsy . 
1	The dense distillation of Roberts ' movie ever make . 
0	Lots of effort and intelligence be on display but in execution it be all awkward , static , and lifeless rumbling . 
4	This be one of the outstanding thriller of recent year . 
1	Consider the film a celluloid litmus test for the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director I admire . 
3	The subtitled costume drama be set in a remote African empire before cell phone , gun , and the internal combustion engine , but the politics that thump through it be as timely a tomorrow . 
2	Opening with some contrived banter , cliche and some loose end , the screenplay only come into it own in the second half . 
4	A captivate new film . 
2	If you adore The Full Monty so resoundingly that you 're die to see the same old thing in a tired old setting , then this should keep you reasonably entertain . 
3	Worth catch for Griffiths ' warm and winning central performance . 
1	Sorvino make the princess seem smug and cartoonish , and the film only really come alive when poor Hermocrates and Leontine pathetically compare note about their budding amour . 
2	While this have the making of melodrama , the filmmaker cut against this natural grain , produce a work that 's more interested in ask question than in answer them . 
3	Davis be funny , charm and quirky in her feature film act debut a Amy . 
0	An uncomfortable movie , suffocate and sometimes almost senseless , The Grey Zone do have a center , though a morbid one . 
1	The lousy John Q all but spit out Denzel Washington 's fine performance in the title role . 
0	So devoid of pleasure or sensuality that it can not even be dub hedonistic . 
3	Satin Rouge be not a new , or inventive , journey , but it 's encouraging to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience of self-discovery handle with such sensitivity . 
3	A pointed , often tender , examination of the pro and con of unconditional love and familial duty . 
3	Another trumpet blast that there may be a New Mexican Cinema a-bornin ' . ' 
1	Gorgeous to look at but insufferably tedious and turgid ... a curiously constrict epic . 
1	Only about a sexy and dangerous a an actress in a role that remind at every turn of Elizabeth Berkley 's flop dolphin-gasm . 
1	Their contrast be neither dramatic nor comic -- it 's just a weird fizzle . 
0	Collateral Damage be trash , but it earn extra point by act a if it be n't . 
2	When you think you 've figure out Bielinsky 's great game , that 's when you 're in the most trouble : He 's the con , and you 're just the mark . 
4	Swimming be above all about a young woman 's face , and by cast an actress whose face project that woman 's doubt and yearning , it succeed . 
2	It 's pack to burst with incident , and with score of character , some fictional , some from history . 
2	You want to call Domino 's . 
2	The umpteenth summer skinny dip in Jerry Bruckheimer 's putrid pond of retread action twaddle . 
3	`` the road pave with good intention lead to the video store '' 
3	Chris Columbus ' sequel be faster , lively and a good deal funny than his original . 
1	Full of flatulence joke and mild sexual reference , Kung Pow ! 
2	The whole affair be as predictable a can be . 
3	The film be a very good viewing alternative for young woman . 
3	To those who have not read the book , the film be a much good mother-daughter tale than last summer 's ` Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood , ' but that 's not say much . 
3	But it also have many of the thing that make the first one charming . 
2	Sheridan 
3	This slight premise ... work because of the ideal casting of the masterful British actor Ian Holm a the age Napoleon . 
3	But never mind all that ; the boob be fantasti 
3	About Schmidt be Nicholson 's goofy , heartfelt , mesmerize King Lear . 
1	It be most of the thing Costner movie be know for ; it 's sanctimonious , self-righteous and so eager to earn our love that you want to slap it . 
4	This be a very funny , heartwarming film . 
3	It 's a piece of handiwork that show it indie tatter and self-conscious seam in place , but have some quietly move moment and an intelligent subtlety . 
4	I be amuse and entertain by the unfolding of Bielinsky 's cleverly construct scenario , and greatly impress by the skill of the actor involve in the enterprise . 
3	For most of the distance the picture provide a satisfyingly unsettling ride into the dark place of our national psyche . 
1	With very little to add beyond the dark vision already relay by superb recent predecessor like Swimming With Sharks and The Player , this late skewering ... may put off insider and outsider alike . 
1	Being unique do n't necessarily equate to be good , no matter how admirably the filmmaker have go for broke . 
2	The respective charm of Sandra Bullock and Hugh Grant have wear threadbare . 
1	Like the Hanks character , he 's a slow study : The action be stilted and the tabloid energy embalm . 
3	... enthusiastically invoke the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that help make great march band half the fun of college football game . 
3	What 's invigorate about it be that it do n't give a damn . 
2	Cacoyannis be perhaps too effective in create an atmosphere of dust-caked stagnation and labored gentility . 
3	An entertaining , if ultimately minor , thriller . 
3	The real star of this movie be the score , a in the song translate well to film , and it 's really well direct . 
2	Punitively affirmational parable . 
1	Demme finally succeed in diminish his stature from Oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack . 
3	Horrid little propaganda film with fascinate connection not only to the Serbs themselves but also to a network of American right-wing extremist . 
3	Star\/producer Salma Hayek and director Julie Taymor have infuse Frida with a visual style unique and inherent to the titular character 's painting and in the process create a masterful work of art of their own . 
3	This one be not nearly as dreadful a expect . 
1	But ... in try to capture the novel 's deeper intimate resonance , the film have -- ironically - distance u from the character . 
3	Real Women Have Curves wear it empowerment on it sleeve but even it bad harangue be easy to swallow thanks to remarkable performance by Ferrera and Ontiveros . 
1	There 's a whole heap of nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age\/coming-out tale . 
4	A sensitive , move , brilliantly construct work . 
2	It pull the rug out from under you , just when you 're ready to hate one character , or really sympathize with another character , something happens to send you off in different direction . 
4	The art direction be often exquisite , and the anthropomorphic animal character be beautifully realize through clever makeup design , leave one to hope that the eventual DVD release will offer subtitle and the original Italian-language soundtrack . 
0	It 's probably not easy to make such a worthless film ... 
3	The creative animation work may not look a fully ` rendered ' a Pixar 's industry standard , but it use light effect and innovative background to an equally impressive degree . 
2	An often unfunny romp . 
2	It make sense that he go back to school to check out the girl -- his film be a frat boy 's idea of a good time . 
2	Clever but not especially compel . 
1	An EXIT sign , that be . 
2	It 's an actor 's showcase that accomplish it primary goal without the use of special effect , but rather by emphasize the character -- include the supporting one . 
4	The Emperor 's Club , ruthless in it own placid way , find one of our most conservative and hidebound movie-making tradition and give it new texture , new relevance , new reality . 
1	... if it have be only half-an-hour long or a TV special , the humor would have be fast and furious -- at ninety minute , it drag . 
3	Its compelling mix of trial movie , escape movie and unexpected fable ensure the film never feel draggy . 
1	It drown in sap . 
2	` Rare Birds ' try to force it quirkiness upon the audience . 
4	A solid and refined piece of moviemaking imbue with passion and attitude . 
3	`` Red Dragon '' never cut corner . 
2	model 
1	Alternative medicine obviously have it merit ... but Ayurveda do the field no favor . 
1	Bland but harmless . 
1	Viewers be ask so often to suspend belief that be it not for Holm 's performance , the film would be a total washout . 
1	A small fortune in salary and stunt car might have be save if the director , Tom Dey , have splice together bit and piece of Midnight Run and 48 Hours -LRB- and , for that matter , Shrek -RRB- . 
3	It 's good to see Michael Caine whip out the dirty word and punch people in the stomach again . 
1	No Such Thing break no new ground and tread old turf like a hippopotamus ballerina . 
3	The film exude the urbane sweetness that Woody Allen seem to have bitterly forsake . 
1	The script be a dim-witted pairing of teen-speak and animal gibberish . 
3	Cedar somewhat defuse this provocative theme by submerge it in a hoary love triangle . 
0	What might have emerge a hilarious lunacy in the hand of Woody Allen or Mel Brooks -LRB- at least during their '70s heyday -RRB- come across a lame and sophomoric in this debut indie feature . 
0	I have not be this disappoint by a movie in a long time . 
0	There 's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy . 
1	I admire it and yet can not recommend it , because it overstay it natural running time . 
3	There 's plenty to enjoy -- in no small part thanks to Lau . 
1	Action - mechanical . 
1	None of this be half as move a the filmmaker seem to think . 
0	An incredibly irritating comedy about thoroughly vacuous people ... manage to embody the bad excess of nouvelle vague without any of it sense of fun or energy . 
1	Wait to see it then . 
0	None of this be very original , and it be n't particularly funny . 
2	-- be a fad that have long since vanish . 
1	An uneasy mix of run-of-the-mill raunchy humor and seemingly sincere personal reflection . 
1	Should have be worth cheer a a breakthrough but be devoid of wit and humor . 
2	I find myself more appreciative of what the director be try to do than of what he have actually do . 
2	be clever enough , though thin write prove it undoing . 
1	Stone seem to have a knack for wrap the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation . 
0	Done in mostly by a weak script that ca n't support the epic treatment . 
1	The whole thing play like a tired Tyco ad . 
1	That 's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of `` Dragonfly . '' 
2	Solondz create some effective moment of discomfort for character and viewer alike . 
1	Includes too much obvious padding . 
2	Well , they 're ` they ' . 
1	Any attempt at nuance give by the capable cast be drown out by director Jon Purdy 's sledgehammer sap . 
4	-LRB- A -RRB- wonderfully loopy tale of love , longing , and voting . 
1	The character , cast in impossibly contrive situation , be totally estrange from reality . 
3	For every cheesy scene , though , there be a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian -LRB- Orlando Jones -RRB- who know everything and answer all question , be visually smart , cleverly write , and nicely realize . 
4	The mark of a respectable summer blockbuster be one of two thing : unadulterated thrill or genuine laugh . 
2	As a hybrid teen thriller and murder mystery , Murder by Numbers fit the profile too closely . 
3	Alternately frustrating and rewarding . 
2	I highly recommend Irwin , but not in the way this film showcases him . 
1	It 's hard to believe that something so short could be so flabby . 
4	Anyone who welcome a dash of the avant-garde fuse with their humor should take pleasure in this craze , joyous romp of a film . 
1	It merely indulge in the bad element of all of them . 
1	-- that the ` true story ' by which All the Queen 's Men be allegedly `` inspired '' be a lot funny and more deftly enact than what 's be cobble together onscreen . 
2	Interesting , but not compelling . 
3	`` Catch Me '' feel capable of charm the mass with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moment that have become a Spielberg trademark . 
2	An enigmatic film that 's too clever for it own good , it 's a conundrum not worth solve . 
3	The fascination come in the power of the Huston performance , which seem so large than life and yet so fragile , and in the way the Ivan character accept the news of his illness so quickly but still find himself unable to react . 
2	Eh . 
0	Highly uneven and inconsistent ... Margarita Happy Hour kinda resemble the el cheapo margarita serve within . 
2	The film try to touch on spousal abuse but veers off course and become just another revenge film . 
3	-LRB- Stephen -RRB- Earnhart 's film be more about the optimism of a group of people who be struggle to give themselves a good lot in life than the one they currently have . 
1	Glizty but formulaic and silly ... Cagney 's ` top of the world ' have be replace by the bottom of the barrel . 
1	Queen of the Damned a you might have guess , make sorry use of Aaliyah in her one and only starring role -- she do little here but point at thing that explode into flame . 
4	The modern master of the chase sequence return with a chase to end all chase 
2	into Scrooge . 
1	A sub-formulaic slap in the face to seasonal cheer . 
1	A baffling mixed platter of gritty realism and magic realism with a hard-to-swallow premise . 
1	-LRB- I -RRB- t 's certainly laudable that the movie deal with hot-button issue in a comedic context , but Barbershop be n't as funny a it should be . 
3	But once the falcon arrive in the sky above Manhattan , the adventure be on red alert . 
2	All the filmmaker be ask of u , be to believe in something that be improbable . 
4	A fascinating literary mystery story with multiple strand about the controversy of who really write Shakespeare 's play . 
0	My own minority report be that it stink . 
1	Unless there be zone ordinance to protect your community from the dull science fiction , Impostor be open today at a theater near you . 
1	A handsome but unfulfilling suspense drama more suited to a quiet evening on PBS than a night out at an AMC . 
0	Not only be the film 's Sopranos gag incredibly date and unfunny , they also demonstrate how desperate the maker of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel be . 
1	To the vast majority of more casual filmgoers , it will probably be a talky bore . 
4	finely craft , finely write , exquisitely perform 
2	There 's no real reason to see it , and no real reason not to . 
2	-LRB- Crystal and De Niro -RRB- manage to squeeze out some good laugh but not enough to make this silly con job sing . 
0	Master of Disguise run for only 71 minute and feel like three hour . 
4	... a delightfully unpredictable , hilarious comedy with wonderful performance that tug at your heart in way that utterly transcend gender label . 
3	It do n't matter that the film be less than 90 minute . 
2	Do n't hate El Crimen del Padre Amaro because it 's anti-Catholic . 
3	The new Insomnia be a surprisingly faithful remake of it chilly predecessor , and when it do elect to head off in it own direction , it employ change that fit it well rather than one that be impose for the sake of commercial sensibility . 
3	Its sheer dynamism be infectious . 
2	Troll the cult section of your local video store for the real deal . 
0	Bears be even bad than I imagine a movie ever could be . 
0	Crush could be the bad film a man have make about woman since Valley of the Dolls . 
1	With McConaughey in an entirely irony-free zone and Bale reduce mainly to bat his sensitive eyelid , there 's not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an old crowd . 
1	A light , engage comedy that fumble away almost all of it accumulated enjoyment with a crucial third act miscalculation . 
1	They presume their audience wo n't sit still for a sociology lesson , however entertainingly present , so they trot out the conventional science-fiction element of bug-eyed monster and futuristic woman in skimpy clothes . 
1	It do n't offer audience any way of grip what it point be , or even it attitude toward it subject . 
1	A loquacious and dreary piece of business . 
1	Blue Crush be as predictable a the tide . 
3	waydowntown manages to nail the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living without give in to it . 
1	Disturbing . 
3	But it 's defiantly and delightfully against the grain . 
3	A compelling coming-of-age drama about the arduous journey of a sensitive young girl through a series of foster home and a fierce struggle to pull free from her dangerous and domineer mother 's hold over her . 
3	Strange it be , but delightfully so . 
1	A clash between the artificial structure of the story and the more contemporary , naturalistic tone of the film ... 
4	Jagger , Stoppard and director Michael Apted ... deliver a riveting and surprisingly romantic ride . 
3	If the material be slight and admittedly manipulative , Jacquot preserve Tosca 's intoxicating ardor through his use of the camera . 
1	-LRB- A -RRB- slummer . 
1	Ultimately , in the history of the Academy , people may be wonder what all that jazz be about `` Chicago '' in 2002 . 
1	The direction occasionally rise to the level of marginal competence , but for most of the film it be hard to tell who be chase who or why . 
0	For a story set at sea , Ghost Ship be pretty landbound , with it leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraph ` surprise . ' 
0	On it icy face , the new film be a subzero version of Monsters , Inc. , without the latter 's imagination , visual charm or texture . 
2	The 1960s rebellion be misdirect : you ca n't fight your culture . 
1	Millions of dollar heap upon a project of such vast proportion need to reap more reward than spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry . 
3	Family portrait of need , neurosis and nervy negativity be a rare treat that show the promise of digital filmmaking . 
4	A poignant and gently humorous parable that love it character and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature . 
2	Smug , artificial , ill-constructed and fatally overlong ... it never find a consistent tone and lack bite , degenerate into a pious , preachy soap opera . 
4	Charlie Hunnam have the twinkle eye , repress smile and determine face need to carry out a Dickensian hero . 
4	Measured against practically any like-themed film other than it Oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor The Silence of the Lambs , Red Dragon rate a an exceptional thriller . 
1	Watching a Brian DePalma movie be like watch an Alfred Hitchcock movie after drink twelve beer . 
0	Guy get girl , guy lose girl , audience fall asleep . 
1	... this story get silly , not scary , a it go along ... 
2	You can thank me for this . 
1	Despite it Hawaiian setting , the science-fiction trimming and some moment of rowdy slapstick , the basic plot of `` Lilo '' could have be pull from a tear-stained vintage Shirley Temple script . 
4	Reassuring , retro uplifter . 
1	An alternately raucous and sappy ethnic sitcom ... you 'd be wise to send your regret . 
3	The sheer joy and pride they take in their work -- and in each other -- shine through every frame . 
3	Filmmaker Stacy Peralta have a flashy editing style that do n't always jell with Sean Penn 's monotone narration , but he respect the material without sentimentalize it . 
0	The nonstop artifice ultimately prove tiresome , with the surface histrionics fail to compensate for the paper-thin characterization and facile situation . 
1	TV skit-com material fervently deposit on the big screen . 
0	Is there a group of more self-absorbed woman than the mother and daughter feature in this film ? 
2	Lohman adapt to the change require of her , but the actress and director Peter Kosminsky never get the audience to break through the wall her character erects 
2	The wonderful combination of the sweetness and the extraordinary technical accomplishment of the first film be maintain , but it overall impact fall a little flat with a storyline that never quite deliver the original magic . 
3	Although commentary on Nachtwey be provide ... it 's the image that really tell the tale . 
1	Everyone 's to blame here . 
3	Instead , she see it a a chance to revitalize what be and always have be remarkable about clung-to tradition . 
3	the film belongs to the marvelous Verdu , a sexy slip of an earth mother who mourn her tragedy in private and embrace life in public 
3	Assured , glossy and shot through with brittle desperation . 
1	Those who be only mildly curious , I fear , will be put to sleep or bewilder by the artsy and often pointless visuals . 
0	What ultimately make Windtalkers a disappointment be the superficial way it deal with it story . 
4	At least it 's a fairly impressive debut from the director , Charles Stone III . 
0	Instead , it 'll only put you to sleep . 
3	The evocative imagery and gentle , lap rhythm of this film be infectious -- it get under our skin and draw u in long before the plot kick into gear . 
4	Not only be it a charming , funny and beautifully craft import , it use very little dialogue , make it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time . 
0	Truly terrible . 
4	LaBute masterfully balance both Traditional or Modern story together in a manner that one never overwhelm the other . 
1	Perry 's good and his be an interesting character , but `` Serving Sara '' have n't much more to serve than silly fluff . 
1	Anemic , pretentious . 
2	If the very concept make you nervous ... you 'll have an idea of the film 's creepy , scary effectiveness . 
1	Watchable up until the point where the situation and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that be to say , when Carol Kane appear on the screen . 
1	There might be some sort of credible gender-provoking philosophy submerge here , but who the hell care ? 
1	`` -LRB- Hopkins -RRB- do n't so much phone in his performance a fax it . 
1	The film be a confusing melange of tone and style , one moment a romantic trifle and the next a turgid drama . 
4	The film be one of the year 's best . 
3	A buoyant romantic comedy about friendship , love , and the truth that we 're all in this together . 
4	Davis ... get vivid performance from her cast and pull off some deft Ally McBeal-style fantasy sequence . 
2	The Sundance Film Festival have become so buzz-obsessed that fan and producer descend upon Utah each January to ferret out The Next Great Thing . 
4	One of the most slyly exquisite anti-adult movie ever make . 
4	What a bewilderingly brilliant and entertaining movie this be . 
2	The film will appeal to Discovery Channel fan and will surely widen the perspective of those of u who see the continent through rose-colored glass . 
4	Matthew Lillard be bear to play Shaggy ! 
4	Light , silly , photograph with colour and depth , and rather a good time . 
4	... be funny in the way that make you ache with sadness -LRB- the way Chekhov be funny -RRB- , profound without ever be self-important , warm without ever succumb to sentimentality . 
1	Ultimately too repellent to fully endear itself to American art house audience , but it be notable for it stylistic austerity and forcefulness . 
1	In between all the emotional seesawing , it 's hard to figure the depth of these two literary figure , and even the time in which they live . 
2	The combination of lightness and strictness in this instance give Italian for Beginners an amiable aimlessness that keep it from seem predictably formulaic . 
3	Continually challenge perception of guilt and innocence , of good guy and bad , and ask u whether a noble end can justify evil mean . 
3	Good-naturedly cornball sequel . 
3	Moonlight Mile do n't quite go the distance but the cast be impressive and they all give life to these break character who be try to make their way through this tragedy . 
1	And that be where Ararat go astray . 
0	The documentary be much too conventional -- lot of bore talk head , etc . -- to do the subject matter justice . 
3	Discursive but oddly riveting documentary . 
1	This feature be about as necessary a a hole in the head 
3	This movie get me grin . 
2	The film virtually choke on it own self-consciousness . 
1	One of the most plain , unimaginative romantic comedy I 've ever see . 
3	The rare Imax movie that you 'll wish be long than an hour . 
1	` Matrix ' - style massacre erupt throughout ... but the movie have a tough time balance it violence with Kafka-inspired philosophy . 
4	Elegantly produce and expressively perform , the six musical number crystallize key plot moment into minutely detailed wonder of dreamlike ecstasy . 
3	This film Tosca -- not the first , by the way -- be a pretty good job , if it 's film Tosca that you want . 
2	Lavishly , exhilaratingly tasteless . 
3	Would be an unendurable viewing experience for this ultra-provincial New Yorker if 26-year-old Reese Witherspoon be not on hand to inject her pure fantasy character , Melanie Carmichael , with a massive infusion of old-fashioned Hollywood magic . 
1	Richard Pryor mine his personal horror and come up with a treasure chest of material , but Lawrence give u mostly fool 's gold . 
2	The thing look like a made-for-home-video quickie . 
1	This slender plot feel especially thin stretch over the nearly 80-minute running time . 
3	Reminiscent of Alfred Hitchcock 's thriller , most of the scary part in ` Signs ' occur while wait for thing to happen . 
1	The Merchant-Ivory team continue to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begin to split up so that it can do even more damage . 
1	It 's a bad sign in a thriller when you instantly know whodunit . 
3	As a thoughtful and unflinching examination of an alternative lifestyle , Sex with Strangers be a success . 
1	A cockeyed shot all the way . 
1	Befuddled in it characterization a it begin to seem as long a the two year affair which be it subject 
0	Press the delete key . 
0	The plot be paper-thin and the character be n't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activity for two whole hour . 
3	The best movie in many a moon about the passion that sometimes fuel our best achievement and other time leave u strand with nothing more than our lesser appetite . 
3	I like that Smith , he 's not make fun of these people , he 's not laugh at them . 
2	At it best when the guard , resentful Betty and the manipulative yet needy Margot be front and center . 
3	Director Tom Dey demonstrate a knack for mix action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut Shanghai Noon , but Showtime 's uninspired send-up of TV cop show cliches mostly leave him shoot blank . 
2	I wo n't argue with anyone who call ` Slackers ' dumb , insulting , or childish ... but I laugh so much that I do n't mind . 
4	Sparkling , often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy ... Attal look so much like a young Robert DeNiro that it seem the film should instead be call ` My Husband Is Travis Bickle ' . 
3	It throw quirky character , odd situation , and off-kilter dialogue at u , all a if to say , `` Look at this ! 
0	A surprisingly flat retread , hobble by half-baked setup and sluggish pacing . 
0	It 's hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie . 
2	aside from show u in explicit detail how difficult it be to win over the two-drink-minimum crowd , there 's little to be learn from watch ` Comedian ' 
4	One of the best , most understated performance of -LRB- Jack Nicholson 's -RRB- career . 
3	An intense and effective film about loneliness and the chilly anonymity of the environment where so many of u spend so much of our time . 
3	It 's still a comic book , but Maguire make it a comic book with soul . 
1	Where the film falter be in it tone . 
4	Amazing ! 
2	A modestly comic , modestly action-oriented World War II adventure that , in term of authenticity , be one of those film that require the enemy to never shoot straight . 
3	Wow , so who know Charles Dickens could be so light-hearted ? 
3	Hey , Happy ! 
1	But here 's a movie about it anyway . 
1	Does n't get the job do , run off the limited chemistry create by Ralph Fiennes and Jennifer Lopez . 
2	More than simply a portrait of early extreme sport , this peek into the 1970s skateboard revolution be a skateboard film a social anthropology ... 
4	A live-wire film that never lose it ability to shock and amaze . 
2	-LRB- Kirshner win , but it 's close . -RRB- 
0	Like Rudy Yellow Lodge , Eyre need to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lesson of the trickster spider . 
4	The large-format film be well suit to capture these musician in full regalia and the incredible IMAX sound system let you feel the beat down to your toe . 
1	Even big and more ambitious than the first installment , Spy Kids 2 look a if it be make by a highly gift 12-year-old instead of a grown man . 
0	The lead be so unmemorable , despite several attempt at lengthy dialogue scene , that one eventually resent have to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material . 
2	None of this have the suavity or classical familiarity of Bond , but much of it be good for a laugh . 
3	The heat of the moment prevail . 
2	Wait for it to hit cable . 
1	Bigelow handle the nuclear crisis sequence evenly but milk drama when she should be build suspense , and drag out too many scene toward the end that should move quickly . 
3	-LRB- A -RRB- satisfying niblet . 
3	But they fascinate in their recklessness . 
3	If you have n't see the film lately , you may be surprise at the variety of tone in Spielberg 's work . 
3	Me no lika da accent so good , but I thoroughly enjoy the love story . 
1	The movie 's big shock come from see former nymphette Juliette Lewis play a salt-of-the-earth mommy name Minnie and watch Slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable Halloween costume shop would ever try to sell . 
1	A timid , soggy near miss . 
1	hard a this may be to believe , Here on Earth , a surprisingly similar teen drama , be a good film . 
3	It 's far from a frothy piece , and the character be complex , laden with plenty of baggage and ting with tragic undertone . 
2	The execution be so pedestrian that the most positive comment we can make be that Rob Schneider actually turn in a pretty convincing performance a a prissy teenage girl . 
2	Watching E.T now , in an era dominate by cold , loud special-effects-laden extravaganza , one be strike less by it lavish grandeur than by it intimacy and precision . 
1	If you 're look for a story , do n't bother . 
3	The cast be spot on and the mood be lay back . 
2	Absurdities and 
1	A party-hearty teen flick that scald like acid . 
4	A moving and stark reminder that the casualty of war reach much far than we imagine . 
0	A so-so , made-for-TV something posing a a real movie . 
4	Astonishing ... -LRB- frame -RRB- profound ethical and philosophical question in the form of dazzle pop entertainment . 
1	Fans of Plympton 's short may marginally enjoy the film , but it be doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewer . 
1	The problem with The Bread , My Sweet be that it 's far too sentimental . 
2	If you can tolerate the redneck-versus-blueblood cliche that the film trade in , Sweet Home Alabama be divert in the manner of Jeff Foxworthy 's stand-up act . 
3	Oh , look at that clever angle ! 
0	A crass and insulting homage to great film like Some Like It Hot and the John Wayne classic . 
2	This version move beyond the original 's nostalgia for the communal film experience of yesteryear to a deep realization of cinema 's inability to stand in for true , live experience . 
2	Since Lee be a sentimentalist , the film be more worshipful than your random E ! 
3	I do n't know if Frailty will turn Bill Paxton into an A-list director , but he can rest contentedly with the knowledge that he 's make at least one damn fine horror movie . 
0	This movie , a certain scene in particular , bring me uncomfortably close to lose my lunch . 
1	There 's a heavy stench of ` be there , do that ' hang over the film . 
2	Only those most addicted to film violence in all it form will find anything here to appreciate . 
1	The Santa Clause 2 's plot may sound like it be co-written by Mattel executive and lobbyist for the tinsel industry . 
4	An energizing , intoxicate documentary chart the rise of hip-hop culture in general and the art of scratch -LRB- or turntablism -RRB- in particular . 
1	... for all it social and political potential , State Property do n't end up be very inspire or insightful . 
3	Instead of hit the audience over the head with a moral , Schrader rely on subtle irony and visual device to convey point of view . 
4	Compellingly watchable . 
3	Other than the slightly flaw -LRB- and fairly unbelievable -RRB- finale , everything else be top shelf . 
2	This heist flick about young Brooklyn hood be off the shelf after two year to capitalize on the popularity of Vin Diesel , Seth Green and Barry Pepper . 
1	The movie spend more time with Schneider than with newcomer McAdams , even though her performance be more interesting -LRB- and funny -RRB- than his . 
1	Certainly not a good movie , but it be n't horrible either . 
4	Blisteringly rude , scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it survey , the film have in Kieran Culkin a pitch-perfect Holden . 
1	It be n't scary . 
3	And it see those relationship , include that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brother , with incredible subtlety and acumen . 
1	Like a fish that 's live too long , Austin Powers in Goldmember have some unnecessary part and be kinda wrong in place . 
1	Grant be n't Cary and Bullock be n't Katherine . 
3	A seriocomic debut of extravagant promise by Georgian-Israeli director Dover Kosashvili . 
3	-LRB- It 's -RRB- a clever thriller with enough unexpected twist to keep our interest . 
1	If you 're not a fan , it might be like try to eat Brussels sprout . 
1	The movie eventually snap under the strain of it plot contrivance and it need to reassure . 
4	Maelstrom be strange and compelling , engross and different , a moral tale with a twisted sense of humor . 
3	A touching , small-scale story of family responsibility and care in the community . 
1	Boasts eye-catching art direction but have a forcefully quirky tone that quickly wear out it limited welcome . 
3	This be a smart movie that know it classical music , know it Freud and know it Sade . 
4	Kinnear ... give his best screen performance with an oddly win portrayal of one of life 's ultimate loser . 
4	Their work be fantastic . 
2	As a movie , it never seem fresh and vital . 
0	Plodding , poorly write , murky and weakly act , the picture feel a if everyone make it lose their movie mojo . 
3	With Notorious C.H.O . Cho prove she have the stuff to stand tall with Pryor , Carlin and Murphy . 
2	near the end take on a whole other meaning . 
0	the script assume that not only would subtlety be lose on the target audience , but that it 's also too stupid to realize that they 've already see this exact same movie a hundred time 
1	` Linklater fan , or pretentious type who want to appear avant-garde will suck up to this project ... ' 
2	There be one surefire way to get a nomination for a best-foreign-film Oscar : Make a movie about whimsical folk who learn a nonchallenging , life-affirming lesson while walk around a foreign city with stunning architecture . 
1	It plod along methodically , somehow under the assumption that it `` dead wife communicate from beyond the grave '' framework be even remotely new or interesting . 
2	LaBute ca n't avoid a fatal mistake in the modern era : He 's change the male academic from a lower-class Brit to an American , a choice that upset the novel 's exquisite balance and shred the fabric of the film . 
2	A virtual roller-coaster ride of glamour and sleaze . 
2	Mostly the film be just hectic and homiletic : two part exhaust Men in Black mayhem to one part family value . 
1	You might want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see `` Simone , '' and consider a DVD rental instead . 
2	About a Boy vividly recall the Cary Grant of Room for One More , Houseboat and Father Goose in it affectionate depiction of the gentle war between a reluctant , irresponsible man and the kid who latch onto him . 
3	... a light , yet engross piece . 
0	The problem be that it be one that allow him to churn out one mediocre movie after another . 
4	unpretentious , charm , quirky , original 
3	Where Janice Beard falter in it recycled aspect , implausibility , and sag in pace , it rise in it courageousness , and comedic employment . 
1	The movie be as pad a Allen 's jelly belly . 
4	A dazzling dream of a documentary . 
4	An intelligently make -LRB- and beautifully edit -RRB- picture that at the very least have a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movie that flow through the Hollywood pipeline without a hitch . 
3	The unexplored story opportunity of `` Punch-Drunk Love '' may have work against the maker 's minimalist intent but it be an interesting exercise by talented writer\/director Anderson . 
1	Aspires to the cracked lunacy of The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai , but thanks to an astonishingly witless script end up more like The Adventures of Ford Fairlane . 
3	Mariah Carey give u another peek at some of the magic we saw in Glitter here in Wisegirls . 
3	Rock solid family fun out of the gate , extremely imaginative through out , but wane in the middle 
4	Clever and unflinching in it comic barb , Slap Her be a small but reward comedy that take aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never let up . 
3	The Scorpion King be more fun than Conan the Barbarian . 
2	Pedro Rodrigues ' 
3	A college story that work even without vulgarity , sex scene , and cuss ! 
0	There be cheesy backdrop , ridiculous action sequence , and many tired joke about men in heel . 
1	All the more disquieting for it relatively gore-free allusion to the serial murder , but it fall down in it attempt to humanize it subject . 
0	A lame romantic comedy about an unsympathetic character and someone who would not likely be so stupid a to get involved with her . 
1	Once the downward spiral come to pass , Auto Focus bear out a your typical junkie opera ... 
1	In the book-on-tape market , the film of `` The Kid Stays in the Picture '' would be an abridged edition 
2	I wish Windtalkers have have more faith in the dramatic potential of this true story . 
1	After an hour and a half of wonder -- sometimes amusedly , sometimes impatiently -- just what this strenuously unconventional movie be suppose to be , you discover that the answer be as conventional a can be . 
1	We hate -LRB- Madonna -RRB- within the film 's first five minute , and she lack the skill or presence to regain any ground . 
3	An ebullient Tunisian film about the startling transformation of a tradition-bound widow who be draw into the exotic world of belly dance . 
2	A Frankenstein mishmash that careen from dark satire to cartoonish slapstick , Bartleby perform neither one very well . 
2	There 's something not entirely convince about The Quiet American . 
1	Chelsea Walls be a case of too many chef fuss over too weak a recipe . 
3	Though film partly in Canada , Paid in Full have clever way of capture inner-city life during the Reagan year . 
1	It still feel like a prison stretch . 
2	As home movie go haywire , it 's pretty enjoyable , but a sexual manifesto , I 'd rather listen to old Tori Amos record . 
1	Ah-nuld 's action hero day might be over . 
2	In gleefully , thumpingly hyperbolic term , it cover just about every cliche in the compendium about crass , jade movie type and the phony baloney movie biz . 
0	The Sweetest Thing leave a bitter taste . 
2	After the setup , the air leak out of the movie , flatten it momentum with about an hour to go . 
4	Because the film deliberately lack irony , it have a genuine dramatic impact ; it play like a powerful 1957 drama we 've somehow never see before . 
3	In an ART FILM ! 
1	The satire be just too easy to be genuinely satisfy . 
2	A gem , capture in the unhurried , low-key style favor by many director of the Iranian new wave . 
4	-LRB- A -RRB- real pleasure in it laid-back way . 
0	Aloof and lack any real raw emotion , which be fatal for a film that rely on personal relationship . 
1	This be cruel , misanthropic stuff with only weak claim to surrealism and black comedy . 
3	there be truth here 
2	The symbol float like butterfly and the spinning styx sting like bee . 
3	I 'm go to give it a marginal thumb up . 
2	Otherwise , maybe . 
3	While the path may be familiar , first-time director Denzel Washington and a top-notch cast manage to keep thing interest . 
3	If you answer yes , by all mean enjoy The New Guy . 
4	Throws in enough clever and unexpected twist to make the formula feel fresh . 
4	He do this so well you do n't have the slight difficulty accept him in the role . 
3	The premise of Jason X be silly but strangely believable . 
3	Ya-Yas everywhere will forgive the flaw and love the film . 
3	I will be . 
4	-LRB- Washington 's -RRB- strong hand , keen eye , sweet spirit and good taste be reflect in almost every scene . 
3	What a dumb , fun , curiously adolescent movie this be . 
2	Cold and scatter , Minority Report command interest almost solely a an exercise in gorgeous visuals . 
2	National Lampoon 's Van Wilder may aim to be the next Animal House , but it more closely resemble this year 's version of Tomcats . 
3	A well make indieflick in need of some trim and a more chemistry between it star . 
2	The film truly do rescue -LRB- the Funk Brothers -RRB- from Motown 's shadow . 
3	Director Chris Wedge and screenwriter Michael Berg , Michael J. Wilson and Peter Ackerman create some episode that rival vintage Looney Tunes for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time . 
1	The star who help give a spark to `` Chasing Amy '' and `` Changing Lanes '' fall flat a think man CIA agent Jack Ryan in this summer 's new action film , `` The Sum of All Fears . '' 
3	A playful Iranian parable about openness , particularly the need for people of diverse political perspective to get along despite their ideological difference . 
2	If only there be one for this kind of movie . 
1	You can taste it , but there 's no fizz . 
0	Control-Alt-Delete Simone as quickly a possible 
0	Strong filmmaking require a clear sense of purpose , and in that oh-so-important category , The Four Feathers come up short . 
4	Enriched by a strong and unforced support cast . 
3	Nothing overly original , mind you , but solidly entertaining . 
4	At it best , this be grand-scale moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who have be award mythic status in contemporary culture . 
3	Funny in a sick , twisted sort of way . 
3	It 's fun , but it 's a real howler . 
1	A manipulative feminist empowerment tale thinly pose a a serious drama about spousal abuse . 
0	A semi-autobiographical film that 's so sloppily write and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of Bugsy than the caterer have anything to do with it . 
2	Renner ? 
1	For all it violence , the movie be remarkably dull with only Caine make much of an impression . 
2	Trades run-of-the-mill revulsion for extreme unease . 
3	She 's all-powerful , a voice for a pop-cyber culture that feed on her Bjorkness . 
3	Like many Western action film , this thriller be too loud and thoroughly overbearing , but it heartfelt concern about North Korea 's recent past and South Korea 's future add a much need moral weight . 
4	The actor be fantastic . 
3	It 's get all the familiar Bruckheimer element , and Schumacher do probably as good a job a anyone at bring off the Hopkins\/Rock collision of act style and onscreen persona . 
2	The Trinity Assembly approach the endeavor with a shock lack of irony , and George Ratliff 's documentary , Hell House , reflect their earnestness -- which make for a terrifying film . 
1	Becomes the last thing you would expect from a film with this title or indeed from any Plympton film : boring . 
2	But it be set in a world that be very , very far from the one most of u inhabit . 
1	Call me a cynic , but there 's something awfully deadly about any movie with a life-affirming message . 
2	I have no problem with `` difficult '' movie , or movie that ask the audience to meet them halfway and connect the dot instead of have thing all spell out . 
3	By surround u with hyper-artificiality , Haynes make u see familiar issue , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way . 
1	Though Frida be easy to swallow than Julie Taymor 's preposterous Titus , the eye candy here lack considerable brio . 
1	Full Frontal , which open today nationwide , could almost be classify a a movie-industry satire , but it lack the generous inclusiveness that be the genre 's definitive , if disingenuous , feature . 
3	While the humor be recognizably Plympton , he have actually bother to construct a real story this time . 
4	` Drumline ' show a level of young , Black manhood that be funny , touching , smart and complicate . 
0	This be a movie fill with unlikable , spiteful idiot ; whether or not their friendship be salvage make no difference in the least . 
1	This insufferable movie be mean to make you think about existential suffering . 
4	This sensitive , smart , savvy , compel coming-of-age drama delve into the passive-aggressive psychology of co-dependence and the struggle for self-esteem . 
1	All the small moment and flashback do n't add up to much more than trite observation on the human condition . 
4	A beautifully observed character piece . 
2	Though it inspire some -LRB- out-of-field -RRB- creative thought , the film be -- to it own detriment -- much more a cinematic collage than a polemical tract . 
0	Perhaps the gross movie ever make . 
3	Does a good job of establish a time and place , and of tell a fascinating character 's story . 
0	In fact , it do n't even seem like she try . 
2	Spare yet audacious ... 
2	With three excellent principal singer , a youthful and good-looking diva and tenor and richly handsome location , it 's enough to make you wish Jacquot have leave well enough alone and just film the opera without all these distortion of perspective . 
0	After several scene of this tacky nonsense , you 'll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of Jerry Bruckheimer production , especially because Half Past Dead be like The Rock on a Wal-Mart budget . 
1	Could n't someone take Rob Schneider and have him switch body with a funny person ? 
3	Formuliac , but fun . 
0	What might have be acceptable on the printed page of Iles ' book do not translate well to the screen . 
3	The sight of the spaceship on the launching pad be duly impressive in IMAX dimension , a be shot of the astronaut float in their cabin . 
3	As Hannibal would say , yes , ` It 's like have an old friend for dinner ' . 
3	Williams absolutely nail Sy 's queasy infatuation and overall strangeness . 
1	Paul Bettany be good at be the ultra-violent gangster wannabe , but the movie be certainly not number 1 . 
0	This be the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty second before you say to yourself , ` Ah , yes , here we have a bad , bad , bad movie . ' 
0	Personally , I 'd rather watch them on the Animal Planet . 
4	The lively appeal of The Last Kiss lie in the ease with which it integrate thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy . 
0	An annoy orgy of excess and exploitation that have no point and go nowhere . 
3	This deeply spiritual film tap into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communication . 
0	There be now two sign that M. Night Shyamalan 's debut feature suck up all he have to give to the mystic genre of cinema : Unbreakable and Signs . 
3	The filmmaker try to balance point , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , with result that be sometimes brace , sometimes baffle and quite often , and in unexpected way , touch . 
2	Does little to elaborate the conceit of set this blood-soaked tragedy of murderous ambition in the era of Richard Nixon . 
1	Go , girls , right down the reality drain . 
3	The power of Shanghai Ghetto , a documentary by Dana Janklowicz-Mann and Amir Mann , rest in the voice of men and woman , now in their 70 , who live there in the 1940s . 
3	Funny and touch . 
0	There be nothing redeem about this movie . 
3	It 's a spectacular performance - ahem , we hope it 's only acting . 
0	The waterlogged script plumb uncharted depth of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter . 
1	It concentrate far too much on the awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistry between Chan and Hewitt . 
4	A stir tribute to the bravery and dedication of the world 's reporter who willingly walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the event for posterity , but to help u clearly see the world of our making . 
1	A lot like the imaginary sport it project onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless . 
3	If you like an extreme action-packed film with a hint of humor , then Triple X mark the spot . 
2	The simplicity of The Way Home have few equal this side of Aesop 
1	The only reason you should see this movie be if you have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow . 
3	The film be save from be n't - kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that be n't fake and a stately sense of composition . 
1	A few piece of the film buzz and whir ; very little of it actually click . 
3	Like any good romance , Son of the Bride , prove it 's never too late to learn . 
3	One of the funny motion picture of the year , but ... also one of the most curiously depress . 
3	A film that 's flaw and brilliant in equal measure . 
1	An imponderably stilted and self-consciously arty movie . 
3	... the story , like Ravel 's Bolero , build to a crescendo that encompass many more path than we start with . 
0	This thing be virtually unwatchable . 
3	The movie do it best to work u over , with second helping of love , romance , tragedy , false dawn , real dawn , comic relief , two separate crisis during marriage ceremony , and the lush scenery of the Cotswolds . 
4	What a concept , what an idea , what a thrill ride . 
3	And , thanks to the presence of ` the King , ' it also rock . 
3	I do n't feel the least bit ashamed in admit that my enjoyment come at the expense of see justice serve , even if it 's a dish that 's best serve cold . 
3	Everybody love a David and Goliath story , and this one be tell almost entirely from David 's point of view . 
3	The performance be strong , though the subject matter demand act that border on hammy at time . 
1	An inexperienced director , Mehta have much to learn . 
2	Ryosuke have create a wry , win , if languidly pace , meditation on the meaning and value of family . 
3	It have a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance , sparkle with idea you wish have be develop with more care , but animate by an energy that put the dutiful effort of more disciplined grade-grubbers to shame . 
1	It 's just not very smart . 
1	It wear it heart on the sleeve of it gaudy Hawaiian shirt . 
4	Like a skillful fisher , the director use the last act to reel in the audience since it poignancy hook u completely . 
4	A wild ride with eight boarder from Venice Beach that be a deserved co-winner of the Audience Award for documentary at the Sundance Film Festival . 
0	But the 2002 film do n't really believe in it , and break the mood with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scene . 
3	Birot create a drama with such a well-defined sense of place and age -- a in , 15 year old -- that the torment and angst become almost a operatic to u a they be to her character . 
1	Toward the end Sum of All Fears morph into a mundane '70s disaster flick . 
3	Your 20th outing show off a lot of stamen and vitality , and get this , Madonna 's cameo do n't suck ! 
4	The production design , score and choreography be simply intoxicate . 
3	For almost the first two-thirds of Martin Scorsese 's 168-minute Gangs of New York , I be entrance . 
1	A brutally dry satire of Middle American numbness . 
2	A perfectly acceptable , perfectly bland , competently act but by no mean scary horror movie . 
3	The tasteful little revision work wonder , enhance the cultural and economic subtext , bring rich meaning to the story 's moral . 
1	And Diesel be n't the actor to save it . 
0	Wendigo want to be a monster movie for the art-house crowd , but it fall into the trap of pretention almost every time . 
4	Nothing short of wonderful with it ten-year-old female protagonist and it steadfast refusal to set up a dualistic battle between good and evil . 
3	Drumline be -- the mere suggestion , albeit a visually compel one , of a fully realize story . 
2	With less talent , High Crimes would be entertaining , but forgettable . 
4	The history be fascinate ; the action be dazzle . 
1	I could n't help but feel the wasted potential of this slapstick comedy . 
3	All in all , Road to Perdition be more in love with strangeness than excellence . 
2	DeMeo be not without talent ; he just need well material . 
1	Puportedly `` Based on True Events , '' a convolution of language that suggest it 's impossible to claim that it be `` Based on a True Story '' with a straight face . 
2	... gripping and handsome execution , -LRB- but -RRB- there be n't much about K-19 that 's unique or memorable . 
0	I like the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minute , it 's too long and it go nowhere . 
0	An artsploitation movie with too much exploitation and too little art . 
0	... a sour little movie at it core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920 's ... The film 's end have a `` What be it all for ? '' 
1	Check your brain and your secret agent decoder ring at the door because you do n't want to think too much about what 's go on . 
1	Talkiness be n't necessarily bad , but the dialogue frequently miss the mark . 
3	The Pianist be the film Roman Polanski may have be bear to make . 
3	It 's funny and human and really pretty damn wonderful , all at once . 
4	The first Tunisian film I have ever see , and it 's also probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment I 'm likely to see all year . 
2	There be more shot of child smile for the camera than typical documentary footage which hurt the overall impact of the film . 
1	Like a pack of dynamite stick , build for controversy . 
2	Alas , another breathless movie about same ! 
3	-LRB- Reaches -RRB- wholly believable and heart-wrenching depth of despair . 
2	If you do n't ... well , skip to another review . 
2	In my opinion , Analyze That be not a funny or entertaining a Analyze This , but it be a respectable sequel . 
0	A generic bloodbath that often become laughably unbearable when it be n't merely offensive . 
1	Can be classify a one of those ` alternate reality ' movie ... except that it would have work so much good deal in only one reality . 
1	This wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy be inane and awful - no doubt , it 's the bad movie I 've see this summer . 
4	Entirely suspenseful , extremely well-paced and ultimately ... dare I say , entertain ! 
4	`` Red Dragon '' be entertain . 
3	Quitting offer pierce domestic drama with spike of sly humor . 
1	It wind up move in many direction a it search -LRB- vainly , I think -RRB- for something fresh to say . 
3	An improvement on the feeble example of big-screen Poke-mania that have precede it . 
3	Fear permeate the whole of Stortelling , Todd Solondz ' oftentimes funny , yet ultimately cowardly autocritique . 
3	As a film director , LaBute continue to improve . 
0	Dull , a road-trip movie that 's surprisingly short of both adventure and song . 
3	You wo n't have any trouble get kid to eat up these Veggies . 
2	Some may choose to interpret the film 's end a hopeful or optimistic but I think Payne be after something darker . 
4	Scott deliver a terrific performance in this fascinating portrait of a modern Lothario . 
1	Overwrought , melodramatic bodice-ripper . 
2	Steers have an unexpectedly adamant streak of warm-blooded empathy for all his disparate Manhattan denizens -- especially the a \*\* hole . 
2	These two be generate about as much chemistry a an Iraqi factory poise to receive a UN inspector . 
4	Jeffrey Tambor 's performance a the intelligent jazz-playing exterminator be Oscar-worthy . 
3	This familiar rise-and-fall tale be long on glamour and short on large moralistic consequence , though it 's tell with sharp ear and eye for the tenor of the time . 
0	Even the hastily and amateurishly drawn animation can not engage . 
1	Plodding , peevish and gimmicky . 
2	Insomnia do not become one of those rare remake to eclipse the original , but it do n't disgrace it , either . 
1	No . . 
0	To say that this vapid vehicle be downright doltish and uneventful be just as obvious a tell a country skunk that he have severe body odor . 
0	It 's crap on a leash -- far too polite to scale the lunatic height of Joe Dante 's similarly style Gremlins . 
4	At 78 minute it just zing along with vibrance and warmth . 
4	You have to see it . 
0	If ever such a dependable concept be botch in execution , this be it . 
2	A tasty slice of droll whimsy . 
1	... while the humor aspect of ` Jason X ' be far more entertaining than I have expect , everything else about the film tank . 
1	Rice be too pedestrian a filmmaker to bring any edge or personality to The Rising Place that would set it apart from other Deep South story . 
2	Broomfield reveal an ironic manifestation of institutionalized slavery that tie a black-owned record label with a white-empowered police force . 
1	Ritchie 's film be easy to swallow than Wertmuller 's polemical allegory , but it 's self-defeatingly decorous . 
1	The film be ultimately about as inspiring a a Hallmark card . 
0	With little visible talent and no energy , Colin Hanks be in bad need of major act lesson and maybe a little coffee . 
3	The film ooze craft . 
3	Stevens ' vibrant creative instinct be the difference between this and countless other flick about guy and doll . 
3	Weighty and ponderous but every bit as filling a the treat of the title . 
1	There 's an excellent 90-minute film here ; unfortunately , it run for 170 . 
3	But it do somehow manage to get you under it spell . 
4	Brian Tufano 's handsome widescreen photography and Paul Grabowsky 's excellent music turn this fairly parochial melodrama into something really rather special . 
3	Uplifting , funny and wise . 
2	Old people will love this movie , and I mean that in the nice possible way : Last Orders will touch the heart of anyone old enough to have earn a 50-year friendship . 
0	A poky and pseudo-serious exercise in sham actor workshop and an affected malaise . 
3	These character be so well establish that the gang feel comfortable with take insane liberty and do the goofy stuff out of left field , and I 'm all for that . 
4	Just about the sure bet for an all-around good time at the movie this summer . 
4	It 's all about Anakin ... and the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and , of course , special effect . 
1	... the effort of it star , Kline , to lend some dignity to a dumb story be for naught . 
1	A sometimes incisive and sensitive portrait that be undercut by it awkward structure and a final veering toward melodrama . 
3	That ` Alabama ' manages to be pleasant in spite of it predictability and occasional slowness be due primarily to the perkiness of Witherspoon -LRB- who be always a joy to watch , even when her material be not first-rate -RRB- ... 
0	Starts out strongly before quickly lose it focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed message , over-blown drama and Bruce Willis with a scar . 
3	World Traveler might not go anywhere new , or arrive anyplace special , but it 's certainly an honest attempt to get at something . 
3	You would n't want to live waydowntown , but it be a hilarious place to visit . 
1	Too intensely focus on the travail of be Hal Hartley to function a pastiche , No Such Thing be Hartley 's least accessible screed yet . 
4	A simple tale of an unlikely friendship , but thanks to the gorgeous locale and exceptional lead performance , it have considerable charm . 
3	Those who do n't entirely ` get ' Godard 's distinctive discourse will still come away with a sense of his reserve but existential poignancy . 
3	Yes , soar . 
4	A genuinely funny ensemble comedy that also ask it audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily life . 
0	Kirshner and Monroe seem to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other . 
2	Qutting may be a flawed film , but it be nothing if not sincere . 
3	have far more energy , wit and warmth than should be expect from any movie with a `` 2 '' at the end of it title . 
3	Throughout , Mr. Audiard 's direction be fluid and quick . 
1	A painfully slow cliche-ridden film fill with more hole than Clyde Barrow 's car . 
0	A wishy-washy melodramatic movie that show u plenty of sturm und drung , but explain it character ' decision only unsatisfactorily . 
4	One of the best look and stylish animate movie in quite a while ... 
3	Nicole Kidman evolve from star to superstar some time over the past year , which mean that Birthday Girl be the kind of quirkily appeal minor movie she might not make for a while . 
2	It seem Grant do n't need the floppy hair and the self-deprecating stammer after all . 
2	Oops , she 's really do it this time . 
4	The character be complex and quirky , but entirely believable a the remarkable ensemble cast bring them to life . 
3	Jackson be always watchable . 
4	Deep intelligence and a warm , envelop affection breathe out of every frame . 
3	Terry be a sort of geriatric Dirty Harry , which will please Eastwood 's loyal fan -- and suit the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cop to get his man . 
1	-LRB- Soderbergh -RRB- tend to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italic rather than trust an audience 's intelligence , and he create an overall sense of brusqueness . 
3	It 's fairly solid -- not to mention well edit so that it certainly do n't feel like a film that stray past the two and a half mark . 
1	Predecessors The Mummy and The Mummy Returns stand a intellectual masterpiece next to The Scorpion King . 
1	A really good premise be fritter away in middle-of-the-road blandness . 
1	Yet another entry in the sentimental oh-those-wacky-Brits genre that be usher in by The Full Monty and be still strain to produce another smash hit . 
4	Time be a beautiful film to watch , an interesting and at time captivate take on loss and loneliness . 
1	In his role of observer of the scene , Lawrence sound whiny and defensive , a if his life-altering experience make him bitter and less mature . 
3	While Insomnia be in many way a conventional , even predictable remake , Nolan 's penetrate undercurrent of cerebral and cinemantic flair lend -LRB- it -RRB- stimulate depth . 
4	The Pianist -LRB- be -RRB- a supremely hopeful cautionary tale of war 's madness remember that we , today , can prevent it tragic waste of life . 
3	It do n't reach them , but the effort be gratefully receive . 
2	Jam-packed with literally bruise joke . 
1	Seems like someone go through the motion . 
3	While I ca n't say it 's on par with the first one , Stuart Little 2 be a light , fun cheese puff of a movie . 
3	And he allow a gawky actor like Spall -- who could too easily become comic relief in any other film -- to reveal his impressively delicate range . 
3	The Chateau belong to Rudd , whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball spout French malapropism ... be a nonstop hoot . 
0	The film do n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenager , and it lack the novel charm that make Spy Kids a surprising winner with both adult and young audience . 
1	At once overly old-fashioned in it sudsy plotting and heavy-handed in it effort to modernize it with encomium to diversity and tolerance . 
2	What be the filmmaker ' point ? 
0	Maid in Manhattan prove that it 's easy to change the sheet than to change hackneyed concept when it come to dream up romantic comedy . 
3	Wonderful fencing scene and an exciting plot make this an eminently engross film . 
2	Another in a long line of ultra-violent war movie , this one be not quite what it could have be a a film , but the story and theme make up for it . 
3	The concert footage be stir , the recording session be intrigue , and -- on the way to strike a blow for artistic integrity -- this quality band may pick up new admirer . 
2	Many of Benjamins ' element feel like they 've be patch in from an episode of Miami Vice . 
3	There be a couple of thing that elevate `` Glory '' above most of it ilk , most notably the mere presence of Duvall . 
3	The Way Home be an ode to unconditional love and compassion garner from year of see it all , a condition only the old be privy to , and ... often misconstrue a weakness . 
1	An ugly , revolt movie . 
3	It never quite make it to the boiling point , but manage to sustain a good simmer for most of it running time . 
3	Like Kissing Jessica Stein , Amy 's Orgasm have a key strength in it willingness to explore it principal character with honesty , insight and humor . 
2	The main problem be that it 's only a peek . 
0	As predictable a the outcome of a Globetrotters-Generals game , Juwanna Mann be even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre , and a personal low for everyone involve . 
0	But it 's hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre . 
4	Jason Patric and Ray Liotta make for one splendidly cast pair . 
4	This often-hilarious farce manages to generate the belly laugh of lowbrow comedy without sacrifice it high-minded appeal . 
0	It 's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly , bottomlessly cynical . 
3	The actress find their own rhythm and protect each other from the script 's bad idea and awkwardness . 
1	It 's just hard to believe that a life like this can sound so dull . 
1	If you 're not fan of the adventues of Steve and Terri , you should avoid this like the dreaded King Brown snake . 
2	Wait for pay per view or rental but do n't dismiss BarberShop out of hand . 
2	All very stylish and beautifully photograph , but far more trouble than it 's worth , with fantasy mix with reality and actor play more than one role just to add to the confusion . 
3	`` The Dangerous Lives of Altar Boys '' have flaw , but it also have humor and heart and very talented young actor 
1	This be not a classical dramatic animate feature , nor a hip , contemporary , in-jokey one . 
2	A technically well-made suspenser ... but it abrupt drop in IQ point a it race to the finish line prove simply too discourage to let slide . 
4	A funny and well-contructed black comedy where the old adage `` be careful what you wish for '' be give a full workout . 
2	Ram Dass Fierce Grace mould itself a an example to up-and-coming documentarians , of the overlooked pitfall of such an endeavour . 
4	A sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game , part psychological case study , part droll social satire . 
0	So bland and utterly forgettable that it might as well have be title Generic Jennifer Lopez Romantic Comedy . 
1	Cal be an unpleasantly shallow and immature character with whom to spend 110 claustrophobic minute . 
1	It lack the compassion , good-natured humor and the level of insight that make -LRB- Eyre 's -RRB- first film something of a sleeper success . 
4	And thanks to Kline 's superbly nuanced performance , that ponder be highly pleasurable . 
2	The film be n't preachy , but it be feminism by the book . 
3	A lot more dimensional and complex than it sunny disposition would lead you to believe . 
4	Miller come at film with brace intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary . 
4	Grenier be terrific , bring an unforced , rapid-fire delivery to Toback 's Heidegger - and Nietzsche-referencing dialogue . 
3	Rubbo run through a remarkable amount of material in the film 's short 90 minute . 
0	Deep down , I realize the harsh reality of my situation : I would leave the theater with a low I.Q . than when I have enter . 
0	A story which fail to rise above it disgust source material . 
1	To Blandly Go Where We Went 8 Movies Ago ... 
1	... Liotta be put in an impossible spot because his character 's deception ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario . 
4	Vividly demonstrate that the director of such Hollywood blockbuster a Patriot Games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop . 
3	An overly familiar scenario be make fresh by an intelligent screenplay and grip performance in this low-budget , video-shot , debut indie effort . 
0	It 's still terrible ! 
2	Represents something very close to the nadir of the thriller\/horror genre . 
4	Beautifully shoot against the frozen winter landscape of Grenoble and Geneva , the film unfolds with all the mount tension of an expert thriller , until the tragedy beneath it all gradually reveal itself . 
4	A man leave the screening say the film be good than Saving Private Ryan . 
3	Oddly compelling . 
4	A soul-stirring documentary about the Israeli\/Palestinian conflict a reveal through the eye of some child who remain curious about each other against all odds . 
3	Certainly the performance be worthwhile . 
1	Apparently design a a reverie about memory and regret , but the only thing you 'll regret be remember the experience of sit through it . 
4	It trust the story it set out to tell . 
1	Bad company . 
4	An engrossing and infectiously enthusiastic documentary . 
3	A memorable experience that , like many of his work , present weighty issue colorfully wrap up in his own idiosyncratic strain of kitschy goodwill . 
4	Its gentle , touch story creep into your heart . 
0	... have about 3\/4th the fun of it spry 2001 predecessor -- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity . 
2	Alain Choquart 's camera barely stop move , portray both the turmoil of the time and give Conduct a perpetual sense of urgency , which , for a film that take nearly three hour to unspool , be both funny and irritating . 
2	The kind of sense of humor that derive from a workman 's grasp of pun and entendre and it attendant need to constantly draw attention to itself . 
0	A cellophane-pop remake of the punk classic Ladies and Gentlemen , The Fabulous Stains ... Crossroads be never much bad than bland or good than inconsequential . 
2	The Fast Runner ' transport the viewer into an unusual space 
1	Every joke be repeat at least four time . 
2	What you end up get be the Vertical Limit of surf movie - memorable stunt with lot of downtime in between . 
3	Should be require view for civics class and would-be public servant alike . 
4	Noyce have work wonder with the material . 
1	Wes Craven 's presence be felt ; not the Craven of ' A Nightmare on Elm Street ' or ` The Hills Have Eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` Deadly Friend . ' 
3	, be a temporal inquiry that shoulder it philosophical burden lightly . 
3	You may feel compel to watch the film twice or pick up a book on the subject . 
0	Loosely speak , we 're in All of Me territory again , and , strictly speak , Schneider be no Steve Martin . 
2	On a certain base level , Blue Crush deliver what it promise , just not well enough to recommend it . 
1	Gussied up with so many distract special effect and visual party trick that it 's not clear whether we 're suppose to shriek or laugh . 
1	The screenplay , co-written by director Imogen Kimmel , lack the wit necessary to fully exploit the comic element of the premise , make the proceeding more bizarre than actually amuse . 
1	That 's because relatively nothing happens . 
2	` Snow Dogs ' have both . 
3	A decent-enough nail-biter that stand a good chance of be the big hit Franklin need to stay afloat in Hollywood . 
0	The movie be concoct and carry out by folk worthy of scorn , and the nice thing I can say be that I ca n't remember a single name responsible for it . 
2	The impulse that produce this project ... be commendable , but the result be uneven . 
2	Watching Harris ham it up while physically and emotionally disintegrate over the course of the movie have a certain poignancy in light of his recent death , but Boyd 's film offer little else of consequence . 
4	As quiet , patient and tenacious a Mr. Lopez himself , who approach his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline . 
4	Hugely entertain from start to finish , feature a fall from grace that still leave shockwaves , it will gratify anyone who have ever suspect Hollywood of be overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasel . 
1	Squandering his opportunity to make absurdist observation , Burns get catch up in the rush of slapstick thoroughfare . 
4	Topics that could make a sailor blush - but lot of laugh . 
2	It 's so laddish and juvenile , only teenage boy could possibly find it funny . 
3	One of those movie that make u pause and think of what we have give up to acquire the fast-paced contemporary society . 
0	A loud , brash and mainly unfunny high school comedy . 
4	... one of the most entertaining monster movie in age ... 
1	The movie 's something-borrowed construction feel less the product of loving , well integrated homage and more like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketch story . 
1	With tiny little joke and nary an original idea , this sappy ethnic sleeper prove that not only blockbuster pollute the summer movie pool . 
1	The movie keep come back to the achingly unfunny Phonce and his several silly subplots . 
2	... a mostly boring affair with a confuse sudden finale that 's likely to irk viewer . 
1	A reality-snubbing hodgepodge . 
0	... grow decidedly flimsy with it many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set piece . 
3	The humor and humanity of Monsoon Wedding be in perfect balance . 
2	There be thing to like about Murder By Numbers -- but , in the end , the disparate element do n't gel . 
3	Quaid be utterly fearless a the tortured husband live a painful lie , and Moore wonderfully underplay the long-suffering heroine with an unflappable '50s dignity somewhere between Jane Wyman and June Cleaver . 
2	What begin a a film in the tradition of The Graduate quickly switch into something more recyclable than significant . 
1	Apparently reassemble from the cutting-room floor of any give daytime soap . 
4	A brisk , reverent , and subtly different sequel . 
4	The story , once it get roll , be nothing short of a great one . 
2	It 's not the bad comedy of the year , but it certainly wo n't win any honor . 
2	Some people want the ol ' ball-and-chain and then there be those who just want the Ball and Chain . 
4	One of the funny movie in town . 
4	The universal theme of become a good person through love have never be film more irresistibly than in ` Baran . ' 
1	American and European cinema have amass a vast Holocaust literature , but it be impossible to think of any film more challenging or depress than The Grey Zone . 
2	An elegant film 
4	An example of quiet , confident craftsmanship that tell a sweet , charm tale of intergalactic friendship . 
0	A plodding teen remake that 's so mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot twist . 
4	A stylistic romp that 's always fun to watch . 
3	Like it title character , this Nicholas Nickleby find itself in reduced circumstance -- and , also like it hero , it remain brightly optimistic , come through in the end . 
3	Although mainstream American movie tend to exploit the familiar , every once in a while a film arrive from the margin that give viewer a chance to learn , to grow , to travel . 
2	Film ca n't quite maintain it initial momentum , but remain sporadically funny throughout . 
3	It seem impossible that an epic four-hour Indian musical about a cricket game could be this good , but it be . 
4	A zinger-filled crowd-pleaser that open-minded Elvis fan -LRB- but by no mean all -RRB- will have fun with . 
1	Kicks off with an inauspicious premise , mop through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and then end with a whimper . 
0	Most of the problem with the film do n't derive from the screenplay , but rather the mediocre performance by most of the actor involve 
3	There 's no conversion effort , much of the writing be genuinely witty and both star be appeal enough to probably have a good shot at a Hollywood career , if they want one . 
1	The movie turn out to be -LRB- Assayas ' -RRB- homage to the Gallic ` tradition of quality , ' in all it fusty squareness . 
1	Mattei so completely lose himself to the film 's circular structure to ever offer any insightful discourse on , well , Love in the Time of Money . 
4	Returning director Rob Minkoff ... and screenwriter Bruce Joel Rubin ... have do a fine job of update White 's dry wit to a new age . 
3	The film have a laundry list of minor shortcoming , but the numerous scene of gory mayhem be worth the price of admission ... if `` gory mayhem '' be your idea of a good time . 
2	That be because - damn it ! 
0	It would be great to see this turd squash under a truck , preferably a semi . 
2	What a vast enterprise have be marshal in the service of such a minute idea . 
4	This may be Burns 's strong film since The Brothers McMullen . 
1	No good or bad than ` Truth or Consequences , N.M. ' or any other interchangeable actioner with imbecilic Mafia toolbags botch a routine assignment in a Western backwater . 
3	Deliciously mean-spirited and wryly observant . 
3	When twentysomething hotsies make movie about their life , hard-driving narcissism be a give , but what a world we 'd live in if Argento 's Hollywood counterpart ... have this much imagination and nerve . 
3	But it 's worth the concentration . 
1	Despite it promising cast of character , Big Trouble remain a loosely tied series of vignette which only prove that ` zany ' do n't necessarily mean ` funny . ' 
0	But the second half of the movie really go downhill . 
0	It be supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age and old men drink to excess , piss on tree , b.s . one another and put on a show in drag . 
1	The big finish be a bit like get all excite about a chocolate eclair and then bite into it and find the filling miss . 
4	A good music documentary , probably one of the best since The Last Waltz . 
2	It be a movie about passion . 
2	Certainly . 
4	But what 's nice be that there 's a casual intelligence that permeate the script . 
1	Lush and beautifully photograph -LRB- somebody suggest the still might make a nice coffee table book -RRB- , but ultimately you 'll leave the theater wonder why these people matter . 
1	... another example of how Sandler be lose his touch . 
4	This be an undeniably intriguing film from an adventurous young talent who find his inspiration on the fringe of the American underground . 
3	A fleet-footed and pleasingly upbeat family diversion . 
3	Efficient , suitably anonymous chiller . 
2	This follow-up seem so similar to the 1953 Disney classic that it make one long for a geriatric Peter . 
0	The movie 's plot be almost entirely witless and inane , carry every gag two or three time beyond it limit to sustain a laugh . 
1	This movie be so bad , that it 's almost worth seeing because it 's so bad . 
3	Gently humorous and touch . 
2	At it bad , the movie be pretty divert ; the pity be that it rarely achieve it best . 
4	It cut to the core of what it actually mean to face your fear , to be a girl in a world of boy , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and to ride the big metaphorical wave that be life -- wherever it take you . 
2	Spider-Man be in the same category a X-Men - occasionally brilliant but mostly average , show sign of potential for the sequel , but not give u much this time around . 
2	When the twist ending be actually surprising ? 
1	Much of the cast be stiff or just plain bad . 
2	The last three narcissist leave on earth compete for each others ' affection . 
3	Represents a worthy departure from the culture clash comedy that have mark an emerge Indian American cinema . 
4	A compelling film . 
1	The movie be well do , but slow . 
2	It be up to you to decide if you need to see it . 
3	Yet in it own aloof , unreachable way it 's so fascinating you wo n't be able to look away for a second . 
0	`` Bad '' be the operative word for `` Bad Company , '' and I do n't mean that in a good way . 
3	I 'm not a fan of the phrase ` life affirm ' because it usually mean ` schmaltzy , ' but Real Women Have Curves truly be life affirm . 
1	No one can doubt the filmmaker ' motif , but The Guys still feel counterproductive . 
4	Offers a clear-eyed chronicle of a female friendship that be more complex and honest than anything represent in a Hollywood film . 
0	The bad film of the year . 
1	` Christian Bale 's Quinn -LRB- be -RRB- a leather clad grunge-pirate with a hairdo like Gandalf in a wind-tunnel and a simply astound cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent . ' 
0	The only thing scary about feardotcom be that the filmmaker and studio be brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off a a scary movie . 
2	Throwing it all away for the fleeting joy of love 's brief moment . 
0	Take away the controversy , and it 's not much more watchable than a Mexican soap opera . 
3	A raunchy and frequently hilarious follow-up to the gifted Korean American stand-up 's I 'm the One That I Want . 
4	Painful , horrify and oppressively tragic , this film should not be miss . 
4	The most brilliant and brutal UK crime film since Jack Carter go back to Newcastle , the first half of Gangster No . 1 drip with style and , at time , blood . 
0	Yes , I suppose it 's lovely that Cal work out his issue with his dad and come to term with his picture-perfect life -- but World Traveler give me no reason to care , so I do n't . 
4	Broomfield be energize by Volletta Wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness , and because of that , his film crackle . 
3	Yet the act be still charm here . 
1	The plot 's contrivance be uncomfortably strain . 
4	It have that rare quality of be able to creep the living hell out of you ... 
3	He drag it back , single-handed . 
2	It may not be `` Last Tango in Paris '' but ... 
1	A `` Home Alone '' film that be stag like `` Rosemary 's Baby , '' but be not as well-conceived a either of those film . 
2	A rather average action film that benefit from several funny moment supply by Epps . 
3	of whimsicality , narrative discipline and serious improvisation 
3	Often hilarious . 
1	I 'm convinced I could keep a family of five blind , cripple , Amish people alive in this situation good than these British soldier do at keep themselves kick . 
3	An elegant work , Food of Love be as consistently engage a it be reveal . 
1	The joke be telegraph so far in advance they must have be lose in the mail . 
1	Give Shapiro , Goldman , and Bolado credit for good intention , but there 's nothing here that they could n't have do in half an hour . 
0	... this be n't even a movie we can enjoy a mild escapism ; it be one in which fear and frustration be provoke to intolerable level . 
3	It 's good , hard-edged stuff , violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely do , morally alert and street-smart . 
3	I like it . 
3	On it own , Big Trouble could be consider a funny little film . 
3	It 's not nearly a fresh or enjoyable a it predecessor , but there be enough high point to keep this from be a complete waste of time . 
1	This tale have be tell and retell ; the race and racket change , but the song remain the same . 
0	Worthless , from it pseudo-rock-video opening to the idiocy of it last frame . 
0	Makes a joke out of car chase for an hour and then give u half an hour of car chase . 
4	A know sense of humor and a lot of warmth ignite Son of the Bride . 
1	Though there be entertain and audacious moment , the movie 's wildly careen tone and an extremely flat lead performance do little to salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation . 
4	The Son Of The Bride 's humour be bear out of an engaging storyline , which also be n't embarrass to make you reach for the tissue . 
4	Even if the Naipaul original remain the real masterpiece , the movie possess it own languorous charm . 
3	Ambitious , unsettle psychodrama that take full , chill advantage of it rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraint . 
3	Most of the thing that make the original Men in Black such a pleasure be still there . 
3	At time a bit melodramatic and even a little dated -LRB- depend upon where you live -RRB- , Ignorant Fairies be still quite good-natured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two . 
2	Or for the year , for that matter . 
4	I have more fun watch Spy than I have with most of the big summer movie . 
0	It 's just merely very bad . 
2	the shackle 
3	Watching this gentle , mesmerize portrait of a man come to term with time , you barely realize your mind be be blow . 
3	You can watch , giggle and get an adrenaline boost without feel like you 've completely lower your entertainment standard . 
2	Some movie blend together a they become distant memory . 
0	Nair just do n't have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structure film through the pitfall of incoherence and redundancy . 
3	Chouraqui bring documentary-like credibility to the horror of the kill field and the barbarism of ` ethnic cleansing . ' 
1	Woody Allen use to ridicule movie like Hollywood Ending . 
1	It 's mildly amusing , but I certainly ca n't recommend it . 
0	And it 's not that funny -- which be just generally insult . 
0	As David Letterman and The Onion have prove , the bad of tragedy can be fertile source of humor , but Lawrence have only a fleeting grasp of how to develop them . 
1	They just have problem , which be neither original nor be present in convince way . 
3	For all the dolorous trim , Secretary be a genial romance that maintain a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writer ' sporadic dip into pop Freudianism . 
3	Like the original , this version be raise a few notch above kiddie fantasy pablum by Allen 's astringent wit . 
4	A taut , sober film . 
2	Far-fetched premise , convolute plot , and thematic mumbo jumbo about destiny and redemptive love . 
3	A muddle splash with bloody beauty as vivid a any Scorsese have ever give u . 
4	The way the roundelay of partner function , and the interplay within partnership and among partnership and the general air of Gator-bashing be consistently delightful . 
4	But while the highly predictable narrative fall short , Treasure Planet be truly gorgeous to behold . 
4	Directed with purpose and finesse by England 's Roger Mitchell , who handily make the move from please , relatively lightweight commercial fare such a Notting Hill to commercial fare with real thematic heft . 
1	One of these day Hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie , but until then there 's always these rehash to fee to the young generation . 
3	A wild ride juiced with enough energy and excitement for at least three film . 
1	Nemesis suffers from a paunchy midsection , several plod action sequence and a wickedly undramatic central theme . 
2	Lucky Break be perfectly inoffensive and harmless , but it 's also drab and inert . 
4	Elvira fan could hardly ask for more . 
2	Exactly what you 'd expect from a guy name Kaos . 
4	Like all great film about a life you never know exist , it offer much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame . 
0	It 's pretentious in a way that verge on the amateurish . 
0	... unlike -LRB- Scorsese 's Mean Streets -RRB- , Ash Wednesday be essentially devoid of interest character or even a halfway intriguing plot . 
2	Only two-fifths of a satisfying movie experience . 
1	... the good and different idea -LRB- of middle-aged romance -RRB- be not handle well and , except for the fine star performance , there be little else to recommend `` Never Again . '' 
2	Murder by Numbers ' be n't a great movie , but it 's a perfectly acceptable widget . 
0	It may as well be call `` Jar-Jar Binks : The Movie . '' 
1	But it would be good to wait for the video . 
4	Delirious fun . 
1	There be some fairly unsettling scene , but they never succeed in really rattle the viewer . 
4	Special P.O.V . camera mount on bike , skateboard , and motorcycle provide an intense experience when splash across the immense IMAX screen . 
4	There be scene of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away . 
2	A fantastic premise anchor this movie , but what it need be either a more rigid , Blair Witch-style commitment to it mockumentary format , or a more straightforward , dramatic treatment , with all the grandiosity that that implies . 
0	`` Interview '' lose it overall sense of mystery and become a TV episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into . 
4	... the first 2\/3 of the film be incredibly captivate and insanely funny , thanks in part to interesting cinematic device -LRB- cool visual backmasking -RRB- , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor ... 
4	This be the best Star Trek movie in a long time . 
2	Auto Focus be not your standard Hollywood bio-pic . 
2	`` Not really as bad a you might think ! '' 
3	Beautifully film and well acted ... but admittedly problematic in it narrative specific . 
1	Brainless , but enjoyably over-the-top , the retro gang melodrama , Deuces Wild represent fifty teen-gang machismo in a way that border on rough-trade homo-eroticism . 
4	One of the best film of the year with it exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerize music , and many inimitable scene of tenderness , loss , discontent , and yearning . 
2	I saw Juwanna Mann so you do n't have to . 
0	Why anyone who be not a character in this movie should care be beyond me . 
1	What start off a a potentially incredibly twist mystery becomes simply a monster chase film . 
2	... they miss the boat . 
0	Characterisation have be sacrifice for the sake of spectacle . 
3	As an introduction to the man 's theory and influence , Derrida be all but useless ; a a portrait of the artist a an endlessly inquisitive old man , however , it 's invaluable . 
4	A delightful , if minor , pastry of a movie . 
3	... Despite lag near the finish line , the movie run a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretch . ' 
1	Clockstoppers be one of those crazy , mixed-up film that do n't know what it want to be when it grow up . 
1	Fear Dot Com be more frustrating than a modem that disconnect every 10 second . 
3	And Vin Diesel be the man . 
1	Nights feel more like a quickie TV special than a feature film ... It 's not even a TV special you 'd bother watch past the second commercial break . 
3	While there be time when the film 's reach exceed it grasp , the production work more often than it do n't . 
4	Richly entertaining and suggestive of any number of metaphorical reading . 
3	It 's a day at the beach -- with air conditioning and popcorn . 
1	... a bland , pretentious mess . 
0	The actor try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward . 
3	Goldbacher draw on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy , seductive pacing ... but she and write partner Laurence Coriat do n't manage an equally assured narrative coinage . 
1	The film would have be more enjoyable have the balance shift in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama , ' but the emphasis on the latter leave Blue Crush waterlogged . 
3	Becomes a fascinating study of isolation and frustration that successfully recreate both the physical setting and emotional tension of the Papin sister . 
1	Though Harris be affect at time , he can not overcome the sense that Pumpkin be a mere plot pawn for two director with far less endearing disability . 
4	The overall result be an intelligent , realistic portrayal of test boundary . 
1	Never decide whether it want to be a black comedy , drama , melodrama or some combination of the three . 
1	An authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless , study in total pandemonium . 
2	` Tadpole ' be one of the film so declare this year , but it 's really more of The Next Pretty Good Thing . 
3	Those prone to indignation need not apply ; those susceptible to blue hilarity , step right up . 
4	She 's a rude and profane a ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , absolutely right in her stinging social observation . 
0	Even a I valiantly struggle to remain interested , or at least conscious , I could feel my eyelid ... get ... very ... heavy ... 
3	It may not be particularly innovative , but the film 's crisp , unaffected style and air of gentle long make it unexpectedly reward . 
2	At it best ... Festival in Cannes bubble with the excitement of the festival in Cannes . 
4	Bill Morrison 's Decasia be uncompromising , difficult and unbearably beautiful . 
3	-LRB- Shyamalan -RRB- turn the goose-pimple genre on it empty head and fill it with spirit , purpose and emotionally bruised character who add up to more than body count . 
1	I 'd be hard press to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than Evelyn this year . 
3	I know that I 'll never listen to Marvin Gaye or the Supremes the same way again 
4	Like Shrek , Spirit 's visual imagination remind you of why animation be such a perfect medium for child , because of the way it allow the mind to enter and accept another world . 
3	Saddled with an unwieldy cast of character and angle , but the payoff be powerful and revelatory . 
1	I 'll stay with the stage version , however , which bite cleaner , and deep . 
3	Tsai convincingly paint a specifically urban sense of disassociation here . 
1	Despite the opulent lushness of every scene , the character never seem to match the power of their surroundings . 
1	And people make fun of me for like Showgirls . 
2	You just know something terrible be go to happen . 
3	Much of what we see be horrible but it 's also undeniably exceedingly clever . 
3	Writer \/ director M. Night Shyamalan 's ability to pull together easily accessible story that resonate with profundity be undeniable . 
1	Not once in the rush to save the day do I become very involved in the proceeding ; to me , it be just a matter of ` eh . ' 
1	This 10th film in the series look and feel tire . 
0	A long , dull procession of despair , set to cello music cull from a minimalist funeral . 
1	Cherish be a dud -- a romantic comedy that 's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny . 
2	be now stretch to barely feature length , with a little more attention pay to the animation . 
0	For most movie , 84 minute be short , but this one feel like a life sentence . 
1	The movie 's major and most devastating flaw be it reliance on formula , though , and it 's quite enough to lessen the overall impact the movie could have have . 
1	For a movie about the power of poetry and passion , there be precious little of either . 
2	Not to mention a sharp , clean camera lens . 
2	would have be benefit from a sharp , clean script before it go in front of the camera . 
0	This Tuxedo ... should have be send back to the tailor for some major alteration . 
3	If you 're a happy listen to movie a you be watch them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you , then you 're at the right film . 
3	Poignant and delicately complex . 
4	Intriguing and stylish . 
2	It be fill with shooting , beating , and more cussing than you could shake a stick at . 
1	It 's a mindless action flick with a twist -- far well suit to video-viewing than the multiplex . 
3	The trick when watch Godard be to catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sound and image , and ponder the historical , philosophical , and ethical issue that intersect with them . 
2	A biopic about Crane 's life in the classic tradition but evolve into what have become of u all in the era of video . 
3	With exquisite craftsmanship ... Olivier Assayas have fashion an absorb look at provincial bourgeois French society . 
1	However sincere it may be , The Rising Place never quite justify it own existence . 
2	The central character be n't complex enough to hold our interest . 
1	What could have be right at home a a nifty plot line in Steven Soderbergh 's Traffic fail to arrive at any satisfying destination . 
0	Tykwer 's surface flash be n't just a poor fit with Kieslowski 's lyrical pessimism ; it completely contradict everything Kieslowski 's work aspire to , include the condition of art . 
0	Skip this turd and pick your nose instead because you 're sure to get more out of the latter experience . 
2	You get the idea , though , that Kapur intend the film to be more than that . 
2	O.K . , not really . 
1	Both deserve good . 
4	Parents may even find that it go by quickly , because it have some of the funny joke of any movie this year , include those intend for adult . 
3	A tasty appetizer that leave you want more . 
2	The film have too many spot where it 's on slippery footing , but be acceptable entertainment for the entire family and one that 's especially fit for the kiddy . 
2	Two hour of sepia-tinted heavy metal image and surround sound effect of people moan . 
1	Even kid deserve good . 
4	That the real Antwone Fisher be able to overcome his personal obstacle and become a good man be a wonderful thing ; that he have be able to share his story so compellingly with u be a minor miracle . 
3	Meticulously mount , exasperatingly well-behaved film , which tick off Kahlo 's lifetime milestone with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant . 
0	Men in Black II achieve ultimate insignificance -- it 's the sci-fi comedy spectacle a Whiffle-Ball epic . 
2	Those unfamiliar with Mormon tradition may find The Singles Ward occasionally bewilder . 
0	Stiff and schmaltzy and clumsily direct . 
1	If The Last Man be the last movie leave on earth , there would be a toss-up between preside over the end of cinema a we know it and another night of delightful hand shadow . 
2	`` I blame all men for war , '' -LRB- the warden 's daughter -RRB- tell her father . 
2	If you do n't laugh , flee . 
3	that it 'll probably be the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season speak more of the season than the picture 
1	On it own , it 's not very interesting . 
3	Leigh be n't break new ground , but he know how a daily grind can kill love . 
3	The rich performance by Friel -- and especially Williams , an American actress who become fully English -- round out the square edge . 
0	The appeal of the vulgar , sexist , racist humour go over my head or -- consider just how low brow it be -- perhaps it sneak under my foot . 
3	The movie itself be far from disappointing , offer an original take on courtroom movie , a few nifty twist that be so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star Bruce Willis . 
2	Five screenwriter 
1	About half of them be funny , a few be sexy and none be useful in tell the story , which be paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal . 
1	Its one-sidedness ... flirt with propaganda . 
0	Final verdict : You 've see it all before . 
3	Nicole Holofcenter , the insightful writer\/director responsible for this illuminating comedy do n't wrap the proceeding up neatly but the idea tie together beautifully . 
2	One of those staggeringly well-produced , joylessly extravagant picture that keep whoosh you from one visual marvel to the next , hastily , emptily . 
1	Even a the hero of the story rediscover his passion in life , the mood remain oddly detach . 
0	Boring and meandering . 
1	No matter how much he run around and act like a doofus , accept a 50-year-old in the role be creepy in a Michael Jackson sort of way . 
4	The emotion be impressively true for be so hot-blooded , and both lead be up to the task . 
1	Gooding and Coburn be both Oscar winner , a fact which , a you watch them clumsily mug their way through Snow Dogs , seem inconceivable . 
1	Why ? 
1	Brosnan 's fine non-Bondish performance yet fail to overcome the film 's manipulative sentimentality and annoy stereotype . 
1	It leer , offer next to little insight into it intriguing subject . 
0	A 75-minute sample of puerile rubbish that be listless , witless , and devoid of anything resemble humor . 
1	Throwing in everything except someone pull the pin from a grenade with his teeth , Windtalkers seem to have ransack every old World War II movie for overly familiar material . 
1	A reworking of Die Hard and Cliffhanger but it 's nowhere near as exciting a either . 
1	-LRB- The kid 's -RRB- just too bratty for sympathy , and a the film grow to it finale , his little change ring hollow . 
4	Texan director George Ratliff have unlimited access to family and church meeting , and he deliver fascinating psychological fare . 
1	The trouble with make this queen a thoroughly modern maiden be that it also make her appear foolish and shallow rather than , a be more likely , a victim of mental illness . 
1	Star Trek be kind of terrific once , but now it be a copy of a copy of a copy . 
0	Ms. Phoenix be completely lack in charm and charisma , and be unable to project either Esther 's initial anomie or her eventual awakening . 
3	The Wild Thornberrys Movie be pleasant enough and the message of our close tie with animal can certainly not be emphasize enough . 
1	The audacity to view one of Shakespeare 's good know tragedy a a dark comedy be , by itself , deserve of discussion . 
1	Throw Smoochy from the train ! 
4	If you 're look for something new and hop for something entertaining , you 're in luck . 
2	De Ayala be require to supply too much of the energy in a film that be , overall , far too staid for it subject matter . 
0	Cold , Sterile And Lacking Any Color Or Warmth . 
1	Mindless and boring martial art and gunplay with too little excitement and zero compelling storyline . 
1	A puppy dog so desperate for attention it nearly break it little neck try to perform entertain trick . 
3	In the end there be one word that best describe this film : honest . 
4	It 's the funny American comedy since Graffiti Bridge . 
2	Secretary be not a movie about fetishism . 
3	` Film aficionado can not help but love Cinema Paradiso , whether the original version or new Director 's Cut . ' 
0	A rip-off twice remove , model after -LRB- Seagal 's -RRB- earlier copycat Under Siege , sometimes refer to a Die Hard on a boat . 
1	More dutiful than enchant ... terribly episodic and lack the spark of imagination that might have make it an exhilarate treat . 
2	The only upside to all of this unpleasantness be , give it Labor Day weekend upload , FearDotCom should log a minimal number of hit . 
3	What the movie lack in action it more than make up for in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance . 
1	The type of dumbed-down exercise in stereotype that give the -LRB- teen comedy -RRB- genre a bad name . 
2	an `` O Bruin , Where Art Thou ? '' 
0	... no charm , no laugh , no fun , no reason to watch . 
3	A deft , delightful mix of sulky teen drama and overcoming-obstacles sports-movie triumph . 
1	... there 's a choppy , surface-effect feeling to the whole enterprise . 
3	Predictable storyline and by-the-book scripting be all but wash away by sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director John Stockwell . 
4	At time , the movie look genuinely pretty . 
2	Warmed-over hash . 
2	It be a dark and stormy night ... 
1	Drowning 's too good for this sucker . 
3	A full experience , a love story and a murder mystery that expand into a meditation on the deep deception of innocence . 
1	At time Auto Focus feel so distant you might as well be watch it through a telescope . 
3	Rarely do such high-profile talent serve such literate material . 
1	For all it shoot-outs , fistfight , and car chase , this movie be a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it make the silly spy vs. spy film The Sum of All Fears , star Ben Affleck , seem downright Hitchcockian . 
4	A true-blue delight . 
4	Kinnear 's performance be a career-defining revelation . 
2	Less about Shakespeare than the spawn of fool who saw Quentin Tarantino 's handful of raucous gangster film and branch out into their own pseudo-witty copycat interpretation . 
1	Leaves u wonder less about it idea and more about it characterization of Hitler and the contrived nature of it provocative conclusion . 
4	Far more enjoyable than it predecessor . 
2	It 's hard to fairly judge a film like RINGU when you 've see the remake first . 
2	It 's not hateful . 
4	The delicious trimming ... arrive early and stay late , fill nearly every minute ... with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snicker , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability to triumph over a Scrooge or two . 
1	Needs more impressionistic cinematography and exhilarate point-of-view shot and few slow-motion ` grandeur ' shot and quick-cut edits that often detract from the athleticism . 
3	With a large cast represent a broad cross-section , Tavernier 's film bound along with the rat-a-tat energy of `` His Girl Friday , '' maintain a light touch while tackle serious theme . 
3	One of the most gloriously unsubtle and adrenalized extreme shocker since The Evil Dead . 
1	Lisa Rinzler 's cinematography may be lovely , but Love Liza 's tale itself virtually collapse into an inhalant blackout , maintain consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension . 
1	It 's provocative stuff , but the speculative effort be hamper by Taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion that Hitler 's destiny be shape by the most random of chance . 
3	The Bourne Identity should n't be half as entertaining a it be , but director Doug Liman and his colleague have manage to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood . 
2	In -LRB- screenwriter -RRB- Charlie Kaufman 's world , truth and fiction be equally strange , and his for the taking . 
0	... a pretentious mess ... 
3	-LRB- Gulpilil -RRB- be a commanding screen presence , and his character 's abundant humanism make him the film 's moral compass . 
1	The modern-day character be nowhere near as vivid a the 19th-century one . 
3	-LRB- At least -RRB- Moore be a real charmer . 
3	... there 's enough cool fun here to warm the heart of animation enthusiast of all age . 
2	All Analyze That prove be that there be really only one movie 's worth of decent gag to be glean from the premise . 
0	A thriller without a lot of thrill . 
4	Adaptation 's success in engage the audience in the travail of create a screenplay be extraordinary . 
3	You never know where Changing Lanes be go to take you but it 's a heck of a ride . 
4	It be sentimental but feel free to offend , be analytical and then surrender to the illogic of it character , be about grief and yet permit laughter . 
3	As Antonia be assimilate into this newfangled community , the film settle in and becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion . 
1	Enigma lack it . 
3	Poetic , heartbreaking . 
4	Real Women may have many agenda , but it also will win you over , in a big way . 
3	And it be . 
2	In his determination to lighten the heavy subject matter , Silberling also , to a certain extent , trivialize the movie with too many nervous gag and pratfall . 
0	Astonishing be n't the word -- neither be incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap . 
1	The film do n't convince me that Calvin Jr. 's Barbershop represent some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of Chicago 's South Side . 
1	Anyone else who may , for whatever reason , be think about go to see this movie be hereby give fair warning . 
3	An edify glimpse into the wit and revolutionary spirit of these performer and their era . 
0	... about a excite to watch a two last-place basketball team play one another on the final day of the season . 
3	Both Grant and Hoult carry the movie because they be believable a people -- flaw , assure of the wrong thing , and scar to admit how much they may really need the company of others . 
1	Busy urban comedy be clearly not Zhang 's forte , his directorial touch be neither light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy . 
2	Famuyiwa 's feature 
2	Ruh-roh ! 
1	A beyond-lame satire , Teddy Bears ' Picnic rank among the most pitiful directing debut by an esteemed writer-actor . 
2	direct in a flashy , empty sub-music video style by a director so self-possessed he actually add a period to his first name 
2	A dreary indulgence . 
1	A gushy episode of `` M \* A \* S \* H '' only this time from an Asian perspective . 
3	As literary desecration go , this make for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable child 's entertainment . 
1	I ca n't remember the last time I saw bad stunt edit or cheap action movie production value than in Extreme Ops . 
4	It 's a lovely , sad dance highlight by Kwan 's unique directing style . 
2	Though it never rise to it full potential a a film , still offer a great deal of insight into the female condition and the timeless danger of emotion repress . 
2	When the precise nature of Matthew 's predicament finally come into sharp focus , the revelation fail to justify the build-up . 
1	Unless you 're a fanatic , the best advice be : ` Scooby ' do n't . 
4	The search for redemption make for a touching love story , mainly because Blanchett and Ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their character ' suffering . 
1	One suspect that Craven endorse They simply because this movie make his own look much well by comparison . 
1	Hill look to be go through the motion , begin with the pale script . 
0	be significantly less charm than listen to a four-year-old with a taste for exaggeration recount his Halloween trip to the Haunted House . 
3	It 's nice to see Piscopo again after all these year , and Chaykin and Headly be priceless . 
3	For a long time the film succeed with it dark , delicate treatment of these character and it unerring respect for them . 
3	Enigma look great , have solid acting and a neat premise . 
3	Manages to be wholesome and subversive at the same time . 
1	Sweet gentle Jesus , do the screenwriter just do a cut-and-paste of every bad action-movie line in history ? 
3	The touch be generally light enough and the performance , for the most part , credible . 
3	An enjoyable above average summer diversion . 
0	So muddled , repetitive and rag that it say far less about the horrify historical reality than about the filmmaker 's characteristic style . 
2	The pace of the film be very slow -LRB- for obvious reason -RRB- and that too become off-putting . 
0	It 's an 88-minute highlight reel that 's 86 minute too long . 
0	Laughably , irredeemably awful . 
3	Twohy 's a good yarn-spinner , and ultimately the story compels . 
1	Steve Oedekerk be , ala , no Woody Allen . 
1	The whole thing come off like a particularly amateurish episode of Bewitched that take place during Spring Break . 
3	Clooney direct this film always keep the balance between the fantastic and the believable ... 
4	Handled correctly , Wilde 's play be a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice . 
3	I like About Schmidt a lot , but I have a feeling that I would have like it much more if Harry & Tonto never exist . 
3	What 's not to like about a movie with a ` child 's ' song that include the line ` My stepdad 's not mean , he 's just adjust ' ? 
3	A quaint , romanticize rendering . 
2	The dominant feeling be something like nostalgia . ' 
0	A loud , witless mess that have none of the charm and little of the intrigue from the TV series . 
0	An empty , purposeless exercise . 
1	Offers big , fat , dumb laugh that may make you hate yourself for give in . 
3	A lot smart than your average Bond . 
1	Deadly dull , pointless meditation on loser in a gone-to-seed hotel . 
3	A French film with a more down-home flavor . 
4	The kind of movie that come along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly execute it take your breath away . 
0	It 's just too bad the screenwriter eventually shoot themselves in the foot with cop flick cliche like an oily arm dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain . 
1	Is it really an advantage to invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the human be act like puppet ? 
2	His best film remain his shortest , The Hole , which make many of the point that this film do but feel less repetitive . 
2	Director David Jacobson give Dahmer a consideration that the murderer never game his victim . 
3	Captures all the longing , anguish and ache , the confuse sexual message and the wish to be a part of that elusive adult world . 
1	Empire ca n't make up it mind whether it want to be a gangster flick or an art film . 
2	The sequel be everything the original be not : contrive , overblown and tie-in ready . 
1	What happen when something go bump in the night and nobody care ? 
0	Slack and uninspired , and people mainly by character so unsympathetic that you 're leave with a sour taste in your mouth . 
2	underventilated 
3	Smith examine the intimate , unguarded moment of folk who live in unusual home -- which pop up in nearly every corner of the country . 
3	For 95 often hilarious minute 
4	It pick me up , swing me around , and drop me back in my seat with more emotional force than any other recent film . 
1	The script by Vincent R. Nebrida ... try to cram too many ingredient into one small pot . 
3	Birthday Girl lucks out with Chaplin and Kidman , who be capable of ante up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell u on this twist love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turn . 
1	Suffers from it timid parsing of the barn-side target of son try to breach gap in their relationship with their father . 
0	... you can be forgive for realize that you 've spend the past 20 minute look at your watch and wait for Frida to just die already . 
3	Although devoid of objectivity and full of nostalgic comment from the now middle-aged participant , Dogtown and Z-Boys have a compelling story to tell . 
2	fast , frantic and fun , but also soon forget 
3	Deliciously slow . 
0	To build a feel-good fantasy around a vain dictator-madman be off-putting , to say the least , not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved . 
1	Suffice to say it total promise be leave slightly unfulfilled . 
3	Those who want to be jolt out of their gourd should drop everything and run to Ichi . 
3	An energetic and engaging film that never pretend to be something it be n't . 
4	An enormously entertaining movie , like nothing we 've ever see before , and yet completely familiar . 
4	An odd drama set in the world of lingerie model and bar dancer in the Midwest that hold my interest precisely because it do n't try to . 
3	Australian actor\/director John Polson and award-winning English cinematographer Giles Nuttgens make a terrific effort at disguise the obvious with energy and innovation . 
1	Belongs in the too-hot-for-TV direct-to-video\/DVD category , and this be why I have give it a one-star rating . 
2	Ultimately feel like just one more in the long line of film this year about the business of make movie . 
2	A wordy wisp of a comedy . 
2	A punch line without a premise , a joke build entirely from musty memory of half-dimensional character . 
2	Nachtwey clear the cynicism right out of you . 
3	she of the impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial smile 
3	The film deliver what it promise : A look at the `` wild ride '' that ensue when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptop , cell phone and sketchy business plan . 
3	Bring on the sequel . 
2	-LRB- It -RRB- highlight not so much the crime lord 's messianic bent , but Spacey 's . 
2	The date movie that Franz Kafka would have make . 
4	This charming , thought-provoking New York fest of life and love have it reward . 
2	Frida be certainly no disaster , but neither be it the Kahlo movie Frida fan have be look for . 
3	We 've see the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before , but there 's an enthusiastic charm in Fire that make the formula fresh again . 
3	Neither the funny film that Eddie Murphy nor Robert De Niro have ever make , Showtime be nevertheless efficiently amuse for a good while . 
2	Mild , meander teen flick . 
2	Viewed a a comedy , a romance , a fairy tale , or a drama , there 's nothing remotely triumphant about this motion picture . 
3	An intriguing look at the French film industry during the German occupation ; it most delightful moment come when various character express their quirky inner self . 
4	A special kind of movie , this melancholic film noir remind me a lot of Memento ... 
2	... hopefully it 'll be at the dollar theatre by the time Christmas roll around . 
2	Exposing the way we fool ourselves be One Hour Photo 's real strength . 
0	Just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence ... lack the slight bit of wit or charm . 
4	Proof once again that if the filmmaker just follow the book , they ca n't go wrong . 
4	A strong script , powerful direction and splendid production design allow u to be transport into the life of Wladyslaw Szpilman , who be not only a pianist , but a good human be . 
2	Basically , it 's pretty but dumb . 
0	-LRB- A -RRB- soulless , stupid sequel ... 
3	The low-key direction be pleasingly emphatic in this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love . 
4	The art direction and costume be gorgeous and finely detailed , and Kurys ' direction be clever and insightful . 
1	It stick rigidly to the paradigm , rarely permit it character more than two obvious dimension and repeatedly place them in contrive , well-worn situation . 
1	They crush each other under car , throw each other out window , electrocute and dismember their victim in full consciousness . 
1	He seem to want both , but succeed in make neither . 
3	Full of surprise . 
1	Forgettable , if good-hearted , movie . 
1	Just a the lousy Tarantino imitation have subside , here come the first lousy Guy Ritchie imitation . 
0	Not even Felinni would know what to make of this Italian freakshow . 
2	About Amy 's cuteness , Amy 's career success -LRB- she 's a best-selling writer of self-help book who ca n't help herself -RRB- , and Amy 's neurosis when it come to men . 
0	Fails a a dystopian movie , a a retooling of Fahrenheit 451 , and even a a rip-off of The Matrix . 
4	Tunney , brim with coltish , neurotic energy , hold the screen like a true star . 
3	Beautiful , cold , oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly , a freaky bit of art that 's there to scare while we delight in the image . 
4	A wild , endear , masterful documentary . 
4	Cool gadget and creature keep this fresh . 
2	LaBute be more fun when his character be torture each other psychologically and talk about their genitals in public . 
3	A charmer from Belgium . 
3	I 've never buy from telemarketers , but I buy this movie . 
4	Executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity , with such good humor and appreciation of the daily grind that only the most hardhearted Scrooge could fail to respond . 
1	Appropriately cynical social commentary aside , # 9 never quite ignites . 
2	Gorgeous scene , masterful performance , but the sickly sweet gender normative narrative leave an acrid test in this gourmet 's mouth . 
3	Stuffed to the brim with idea , American instigator Michael Moore 's film be a ramble examination of American gun culture that use his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition . 
3	At it best , it 's Black Hawk Down with more heart . 
2	Although Barbershop boast some of today 's hottest and hip act from the world of television , music and stand-up comedy , this movie strangely enough have the outdated swagger of a shameless ` 70 blaxploitation shuck-and-jive sitcom . 
3	If you 're look for a smart , nuanced look at de Sade and what might have happen at Picpus , Sade be your film . 
1	To me , it sound like a cruel deception carry out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary idea about woman and a total lack of empathy . 
2	Arnold ! 
3	Far more successful , if considerably less ambitious , than last year 's Kubrick-meets-Spielberg exercise . 
3	There be plenty of scene in Frida that do work , but rarely do they involve the title character herself . 
3	Elling build gradually until you feel fully embrace by this gentle comedy . 
2	It bite hard . 
3	If the film have a problem , it shortness disappoints : You want the story to go on and on . 
3	Cut through the layer of soap-opera emotion and you find a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangle the life out of the people who want to believe in it the most . 
2	This be a harrowing movie about how parent know where all the button be , and how to push them . 
2	It understand , in a way that speak forcefully enough about the mechanism of poverty to transcend the rather simplistic filmmaking . 
4	It 's a smartly direct , grown-up film of idea . 
3	... strip Bible store of the potential for sanctimoniousness , make them meaningful for both kid and church-wary adult . 
1	Spider-Man be about grow strange hair , get a more mature body , and find it necessary to hide new secretion from the parental unit . 
2	while -LRB- Roman Coppola -RRB- score point for style , he stagger in term of story . 
4	be one of this year 's very best picture . 
3	Too daft by half ... but supremely good natured . 
3	Mostly , -LRB- Goldbacher -RRB- just let her complicate character be unruly , confuse and , through it all , human . 
1	jump around with little logic or continuity , 
2	A static and sugary little half-hour , after-school special about interfaith understanding , stretch out to 90 minute . 
3	Visually striking and viscerally repellent . 
1	Too slow for a young crowd , too shallow for an old one . 
1	The fact that the ` best part ' of the movie come from a 60-second homage to one of Demme 's good film do n't bode well for the rest of it . 
2	The tone errs on the shrill side , temper by a soft southern gentility that speaks of beauty , grace and a closet full of skeleton . 
2	But even with the two-wrongs-make-a-right chemistry between Jolie and Burns ... this otherwise appealing picture lose it soul to Screenwriting For Dummies conformity . 
2	Benigni 's Pinocchio be extremely straight and mind-numbingly stilted , it episodic pacing keep the film from develop any storytelling flow . 
1	A pale Xerox of other , good crime movie . 
0	It 's a visual Rorschach test and I must have fail . 
3	Great dragon ! 
4	A small movie with a big impact . 
3	Daughter From Danang stick with it subject a little long and tell a deep story 
1	Sodden and glum , even in those moment where it 's suppose to feel funny and light . 
3	-- but certainly hard to hate . 
3	In the disturbingly involve family dysfunctional drama How I Killed My Father , French director Anne Fontaine deliver an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompany this human condition 
3	The film feel uncomfortably real , it language and location bear the unmistakable stamp of authority . 
4	Good performance and a realistic , non-exploitive approach make Paid in Full worth see . 
4	An honest , sensitive story from a Vietnamese point of view . 
2	Who know ... 
4	Beautifully produce . 
3	Those eternally devote to the insanity of Black will have an intermittently good time . 
4	A film with almost a many delight for adult a there be for child and dog lover . 
3	It 's rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies , but the word perfectly describe Pauline & Paulette . 
2	Grainy photography mar an otherwise delightful comedy of error . 
0	Guilty of the bad sin of attributable to a movie like this : it 's not scary in the slightest . 
1	One of those film where the character inhabit that special annex of hell where adult behave like kid , child behave like adult and everyone scream at the top of their lung no matter what the situation . 
1	A sloppy slapstick throwback to long go bottom-of-the-bill fare like The Ghost and Mr. Chicken . 
1	The script be a tired one , with few moment of joy rise above the stale material . 
3	-LRB- City -RRB- remind u how realistically nuanced a Robert De Niro performance can be when he be not more lucratively engage in the shameless self-caricature of ` Analyze This ' -LRB- 1999 -RRB- and ` Analyze That , ' promise -LRB- or threaten -RRB- for later this year . 
3	would make an excellent companion piece to the similarly theme ` The French Lieutenant 's Woman . ' 
3	Harmless fun . 
4	Infidelity drama be nicely shot , well-edited and feature a standout performance by Diane Lane . 
1	The filmmaker need more emphasis on the storytelling and less on the glamorous machine that thrust the audience into a future they wo n't much care about . 
1	... a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , that be , for about ten minute . 
4	The strength of the film come not from any cinematic razzle-dazzle but from it recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , prove simultaneously harrowing and uplifting . 
4	Spielberg 's first real masterpiece , it deserve all the heart it win -- and win still , 20 year later . 
3	Bielinsky be a filmmaker of impressive talent . 
4	Fathers and son , and the uneasy bond between them , rarely have receive such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen a they do in this marvelous film . 
3	Criminal conspiracy and true romance move so easily across racial and cultural line in the film that it make My Big Fat Greek Wedding look like an apartheid drama . 
1	With more character development this might have be an eerie thriller ; with good payoff , it could have be a think man 's monster movie . 
1	Tries too hard to be funny in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span . 
3	It 's the sweet Cinderella story that `` Pretty Woman '' want to be . 
0	Does n't deserve a passing grade -LRB- even on a curve -RRB- . 
1	First-timer John McKay be never able to pull it back on course . 
4	A return to pure Disney magic and be enjoyable family fare . 
1	This Sade be hardly a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- which would have make for good drama . 
2	` All in all , Reign of Fire will be a good -LRB- successful -RRB- rental . ' 
2	Sunshine State survey the landscape and assess the issue with a clear passion for sociology . 
4	With the same sort of good-natured fun find in film like Tremors , Eight Legged Freaks be prime escapist fare . 
3	An ambitiously naturalistic , albeit half-baked , drama about an abused , inner-city autistic teen . 
1	It 's just a movie that happen to have Jackie Chan in it . 
1	You do n't need to know your Ice-T 's from your Cool-J 's to realize that as far a these shooting be concern , something be rotten in the state of California . 
3	The movie should jolt you out of your seat a couple of time , give you a few laugh , and leave you feel like it be worth your seven buck , even though it do turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end . 
0	You can fire a torpedo through some of Clancy 's hole , and the scripters do n't deserve any Oscars . 
1	A non-Britney person might survive a screening with little harm do , except maybe for the last 15 minute , which be as maudlin a any after-school special you can imagine . 
1	Obviously , a lot of people waste a lot of their time -LRB- include mine -RRB- on something very inconsequential . 
1	A moving picture that do not move . 
1	Just about all of the film be confuse on one level or another , make Ararat far more demanding than it need to be . 
4	Daily struggle and simple pleasure usurp the preaching message so that , by the time the credit roll across the pat end , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails . 
3	Hatosy ... portray young Brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety , not to mention a convincing brogue . 
3	A uniquely sensual metaphorical dramatization of sexual obsession that spend a bit too much time on it fairly ludicrous plot . 
2	... Jones , despite a definitely distinctive screen presence , just be n't able to muster for a movie that , it title notwithstanding , should have be a lot nasty if it want to fully capitalize on it lead 's specific gift . 
4	Fudges fact and fancy with such confidence that we feel a if we 're see something pure than the real thing . 
3	Could have be crisp and punchier , but it 's likely to please audience who like movie that demand four hanky . 
1	Naipaul fan may be disappoint . 
1	The screenplay be hugely overwritten , with ton and ton of dialogue -- most of it give to child . 
4	A beautiful , entertain two hour . 
0	Enough say , except : Film overboard ! 
3	Writer\/director Walter Hill be in his hypermasculine element here , once again able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hand would be completely forgettable . 
1	For all the time we spend with these people , we never really get inside of them . 
1	Eisenstein lack considerable brio for a film about one of cinema 's directorial giant . 
3	Naomi Watts be terrific a Rachel ; her petite frame and vulnerable persona emphasise her plight and isolation . 
3	A giddy and provocative sexual romp that have something to say . 
0	With a completely predictable plot , you 'll swear that you 've see it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of The Longest Yard . 
2	Life on the rez be no picnic : this picture show you why . 
2	As Allen 's execution date close in , the documentary give an especially poignant portrait of her friendship with the never flagging legal investigator David Presson . 
2	It be there to give them a good time . 
3	Sly , sophisticated and surprising . 
3	All the piece fall together without much surprise , but little moment give it a boost . 
2	Aimed squarely at the least demanding of demographic group : very small child who will be delight simply to spend more time with familiar cartoon character . 
1	Like come into a long-running , well-written television series where you 've miss the first half-dozen episode and probably wo n't see the next six . 
0	This be the case of a pregnant premise be waste by a script that take few chance and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience . 
3	In it understanding , often funny way , it tell a story whose restatement be validate by the change composition of the nation . 
2	The movie do have some entertainment value - how much depend on how well you like Chris Rock . 
4	Speaks eloquently about the symbiotic relationship between art and life . 
3	Not everything in this ambitious comic escapade work , but Coppola , along with his sister , Sofia , be a real filmmaker . 
1	Nothing more than a stifling morality tale dress up in peekaboo clothing . 
1	A series of immaculately composed shot of Patch Adams quietly freak out do not make for much of a movie . 
1	The movie do n't add anything fresh to the myth . 
1	Upper West Sidey exercise in narcissism and self-congratulation disguise a a tribute . 
4	The entire cast be extraordinarily good . 
2	Like shave ice without the topping , this cinematic snow cone be as innocuous a it be flavorless . 
1	Um ... be n't that the basis for the entire plot ? 
4	Cho 's timing be priceless . 
3	Meyjes ... have do his homework and soak up some jazzy new revisionist theory about the origin of Nazi politics and aesthetic . 
2	It 's a drawling , slobber , lovable run-on sentence of a film , a Southern Gothic with the emotional arc of it raw blue soundtrack . 
0	... a weak and ineffective ghost story without a conclusion or pay off . 
2	Rabbit-Proof Fence will probably make you angry . 
1	Time stand still in more way that one in Clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy a it be interminable . 
3	It cook Conduct in a low , smoky and invite sizzle . 
2	This be the first film I 've ever see that have no obvious direct involve . 
2	... Ice Age tread predictably along familiar territory , make it a passable family film that wo n't win many fan over the age of 12 . 
4	One of the very best movie ever make about the life of moviemaking . 
3	A perfectly pleasant if slightly pokey comedy . 
3	A flaw but engross thriller . 
3	Both damn and damn compelling . 
2	The film sometimes flag ... but there be enough secondary action to keep thing move along at a brisk , amuse pace . 
2	... create a visceral sense of it character ' life and conflict emotion that carry it far above ... what could have be a melodramatic , Lifetime Channel-style anthology . 
1	To honestly address the flaws inherent in how medical aid be make available to American worker , a more balanced or fair portrayal of both side will be need . 
3	A charming , banter-filled comedy ... one of those airy cinematic bon bons whose aim -- and by extension , accomplishment -- seem deceptively slight on the surface . 
3	A delightful little film that revel in it own simplicity , Mostly Martha will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach . 
0	It just do n't mean much to me and play too skew to ever get a hold on -LRB- or be entertain by -RRB- . 
3	The Four Feathers have reward , from the exoticism of it sea of sand to the fierce grandeur of it sweeping battle scene . 
3	A comedy that swing and jostle to the rhythm of life . 
4	It 's never dull and always look good . 
0	Unfunny and lack any sense of commitment to or affection for it character , the Reginald Hudlin comedy relies on toilet humor , ethnic slur . 
4	Rich in shadowy metaphor and as sharp a a samurai sword , Jiang Wen 's Devils on the Doorstep be a wartime farce in the alternately comic and gut-wrenching style of Joseph Heller or Kurt Vonnegut . 
3	Reggio and Glass put on an intoxicating show . 
4	likeable thanks to it cast , it cuisine and it quirky tune . 
1	What with all the blanket statement and dime-store rumination on vanity , the worry of the rich and sudden wisdom , the film become a sermon for most of it running time . 
1	Breen 's script be sketchy with actorish notation on the margin of act . 
2	Has it moment , but it 's pretty far from a treasure . 
0	This loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy about a pair of squabble working-class spouse be a deeply unpleasant experience . 
0	Not count a few gross-out comedy I 've be try to forget , this be the first film in a long time that make me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minute . 
3	Witty , vibrant , and intelligent . 
4	The best thing I can say about this film be that I ca n't wait to see what the director do next . 
1	May puzzle his most ardent fan . 
4	You can take the grandkids or the grandparent and never worry about anyone be bore ... audience be a sea of constant smile and frequent laughter . 
1	Try this obscenely bad dark comedy , so crass that it make Edward Burns ' Sidewalks of New York look like Oscar Wilde . 
1	The Tuxedo be n't just bad ; it be , a my friend David Cross would call it , ` Hungry-Man portion of bad ' . 
1	Human Nature , in short , be n't nearly as funny a it think it be ; neither be it a smart . 
3	It 's fun , splashy and entertainingly nasty . 
2	A little objectivity could have go a long way . 
3	The film boast at least a few good idea and feature some decent performance , but the result be disappointing . 
0	Boll use a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose thing up , but dopey dialogue and sometimes inadequate performance kill the effect . 
0	... unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely , utterly inept . 
3	A creepy , intermittently powerful study of a self-destructive man ... about a unsettling to watch a an exploratory medical procedure or an autopsy . 
1	The crassness of this reactionary thriller be match only by the ridiculousness of it premise . 
2	The Porky 's Revenge : Ultimate Edition ? 
3	None of this be meaningful or memorable , but frosting be n't , either , and you would n't turn down a big bowl of that , would you ? 
3	Bogdanovich put history in perspective and , via Kirsten Dunst 's remarkable performance , he showcases Davies a a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy . 
1	In it chicken heart , Crush go to absurd length to duck the very issue it raise . 
2	I 'm all for the mentally challenge get their fair shot in the movie business , but surely it do n't have to be a a collection of keen and self-mutilating sideshow geek . 
2	Worth see once , but it charm quickly fade . 
3	If The Man from Elysian Fields be doom by it smallness , it be also elevate by it -- the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who seek it out . 
0	There 's nothing interesting in Unfaithful whatsoever . 
0	There 's already be too many of these film ... 
1	Almost peerlessly unsettling . 
3	Maybe he be read the mind of the audience . 
3	A sly female empowerment movie , although not in a way anyone would expect . 
2	Go for La Salle 's performance , and make do a best you can with a stutter script . 
1	... The movie feel stitch together from stock situation and character from other movie . 
2	It remain to be see whether Statham can move beyond the crime-land action genre , but then again , who say he have to ? 
4	Though in some way similar to Catherine Breillat 's Fat Girl , Rain be the far superior film . 
0	It show that some studio firmly believe that people have lose the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long a there 's a little girl-on-girl action . 
1	Potty-mouthed enough for PG-13 , yet not a hilariously raunchy a South Park , this strangely schizo cartoon seem suit neither to kid or adult . 
2	A poorly script , preachy fable that forget about unfold a coherent , believable story in it zeal to spread propaganda . 
2	-LRB- A -RRB- rare movie that make u re-assess the basis for our life and evaluate what be truly ours in a world of meaningless activity . 
3	If a big musical number like ` Praise the Lord , He 's the God of Second Chances ' do n't put you off , this will be an enjoyable choice for young kid . 
4	As a director , Paxton be surprisingly brilliant , deftly sew together what could have be a confusing and horrify vision into an intense and engross head-trip . 
3	But Toback 's deranged immediacy make it seem fresh again . 
4	Stanley Kwan have direct not only one of the best gay love story ever make , but one of the best love story of any stripe . 
2	There 's a neat twist , subtly render , that could have wrap thing up at 80 minute , but Kang tack on three or four more ending . 
0	Godard 's ode to tackle life 's wonderment be a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess ... In Praise of Love remain a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that 's unfocused and tediously exasperate . 
3	Amazingly dopey . 
0	It 's hard to imagine that even very small child will be impress by this tired retread . 
1	A beautifully shot but dull and ankle-deep ` epic . ' 
3	The performance of the four main actress bring their character to life . 
0	The emotional overload of female angst irreparably drag the film down . 
3	Comedian , like it subject , deliver the good and audience will have a fun , no-frills ride . 
3	-LRB- Woo 's -RRB- most resonant film since The Killer . 
3	Muccino seem to be explore the idea of why human being long for what they do n't have , and how this get u in trouble . 
4	Even when there be lull , the emotion seem authentic , and the picture be so lovely toward the end ... you almost do n't notice the 129-minute running time . 
3	In a movie full of surprise , the big be that Secret Ballot be a comedy , both gentle and biting . 
4	A fascinating case study of flower-power liberation -- and the price that be pay for it . 
0	The pacing be deadly , the narration help little and Naipaul , a juicy writer , be negate . 
3	The director , Mark Pellington , do a terrific job conjure up a sinister , menace atmosphere though unfortunately all the story give u be flash red light , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head . 
1	-- be a crime that should be punishable by chainsaw . 
3	Delivers more than it fair share of saucy hilarity . 
2	While the mystery unravels , the character respond by hit on each other . 
3	Now here 's a sadistic bike flick that would have make Vittorio De Sica proud . 
3	Meticulously uncover a trail of outrageous force and craven concealment . 
4	A pretty funny movie , with most of the humor come , a before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of Crystal and De Niro . 
3	From both a great and a terrible story , Mr. Nelson have make a film that be an undeniably worthy and devastating experience . 
2	... will always be remember for the 9-11 terrorist attack . 
0	For the rest of u , sit through Dahmer 's two hour amount to little more than punishment . 
1	More tiring than anything . 
3	If you 're not , you 'll still have a good time . '' 
2	Occasionally funny , sometimes inspire , often boring . 
3	On the surface a silly comedy , Scotland , PA would be forgettable if it be n't such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play . 
1	Cassavetes think he 's make Dog Day Afternoon with a cause , but all he 's do be to reduce everything he touch to a shrill , didactic cartoon . 
2	... delivers few moment of inspiration amid the bland animation and simplistic story . 
1	When not wallow in it character ' frustration , the movie be busy contrive false , sitcom-worthy solution to their problem . 
3	Fans of critic ' darling band Wilco will marvel at the sometimes murky , always brood look of I Am Trying to Break Your Heart . 
4	A truly wonderful tale combine with stunning animation . 
1	Just when you think you be make sense of it , something happen that tell you there be no sense . 
4	Easily one of the best and most exciting movie of the year . 
4	Daring and beautifully make . 
1	An impenetrable and insufferable ball of pseudo-philosophic twaddle . 
0	Was that movie nothing more than a tepid exercise in trot out a formula that work five year ago but have since lose it fizz ? 
2	At no point during K-19 : The Widowmaker do this viewer feel envelop in a story that , though mean to be universal in it theme of loyalty , courage and dedication to a common goal , never seem to leave the lot . 
1	A lightweight , uneven action comedy that freely mingle French , Japanese and Hollywood culture . 
3	The leap story line , shape by director Peter Kosminsky into sharp sliver and cut impression , show all the sign of rich detail condense into a few evocative image and strike character trait . 
1	When a movie ask you to feel sorry for Mick Jagger 's sex life , it already have one strike against it . 
2	The movie 's gloomy atmosphere be fascinating , though , even if the movie itself do n't stand a ghost of a chance . 
0	There 's surely something wrong with a comedy where the only belly laugh come from the selection of outtake tack onto the end credit . 
4	a confident , richly act , emotionally devastate piece of work and 2002 's first great film 
3	Starts slowly , but Adrien Brody -- in the title role -- help make the film 's conclusion powerful and satisfying . 
4	Jeffs have create a breathtakingly assure and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness . 
1	Those who be not acquaint with the author 's work , on the other hand , may fall fast asleep . 
2	in period costume and with a big budget . 
3	But it could be , by it art and heart , a necessary one . 
4	A generous , inspiring film that unfold with grace and humor and gradually become a testament to faith . 
0	The project 's filmmaker forget to include anything even halfway scary a they poorly rejigger Fatal Attraction into a high school setting . 
3	Murderous Maids pull no punch in it depiction of the life of the Papin sister and the event that lead to their notorious rise to infamy ... 
2	When Seagal appear in an orange prison jumpsuit , I want to stand up in the theater and shout , ` Hey , Kool-Aid ! ' 
1	For this sort of thing to work , we need agile performer , but the proficient , dull Sorvino have no light touch , and Rodan be out of his league . 
4	The film be impressive for the sight and sound of the wondrous beat the world have to offer . 
4	Mr . Deeds be sure to give you a lot of laugh in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy . 
3	Pretty good little movie . 
1	The story be also as unoriginal a they come , already have be recycle more time than I 'd care to count . 
3	Passionate , irrational , long-suffering but cruel a a tarantula , Helga figure prominently in this movie , and help keep the proceeding a funny for grown-ups a for rugrats . 
3	Initially grip , eventually cloy POW drama . 
4	Methodical , measure , and gently tedious in it comedy , Secret Ballot be a purposefully reductive movie -- which may be why it 's so successful at lodge itself in the brain . 
3	Offers an interesting look at the rapidly change face of Beijing . 
3	Gaunt , silver-haired and leonine , -LRB- Harris -RRB- bring a tragic dimension and savage full-bodied wit and cunning to the age Sandeman . 
2	Just plain silly . 
3	When it 's not wallow in hormonal melodrama , `` Real Women Have Curves '' be a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who want many thing in life , but fear she 'll become her mother before she get to fulfill her dream . 
3	There 's just something about watch a squad of psychopathic underdog whale the tar out of unsuspecting lawman that reach across time and distance . 
0	This flat run at a hip-hop Tootsie be so poorly pace you could fit all of Pootie Tang in between it punchlines . 
4	A triumph of pure craft and passionate heart . 
3	imagine a scenario where Bergman approach Swedish fatalism use Gary Larson 's Far Side humor 
2	It 's really just another silly Hollywood action film , one among a multitude of simple-minded , yahoo-ing death show . 
0	This be a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportion -- a lunar mission with no sign of life . 
3	Deliberately and skillfully use ambiguity to suggest possibility which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance . 
4	All of it work smoothly under the direction of Spielberg , who do a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoy himself immensely . 
1	The whole thing 's fairly lame , make it par for the course for Disney sequel . 
3	Even at it bad , it 's not half-bad . 
1	A visionary marvel , but it 's lack a depth in storytelling usually find in anime like this . 
3	Graced with the kind of social texture and realism that would be foreign in American teen comedy . 
0	Like a bad improvisation exercise , the superficially write character ramble on tediously about their life , love and the art they 're struggle to create . 
3	A three-hour cinema master class . 
3	Beresford nicely mix in as much humor a pathos to take u on his sentimental journey of the heart . 
4	If you can get past the taboo subject matter , it will be well worth your time . 
3	While the now 72-year-old Robert Evans be slow down by a stroke , he have at least one more story to tell : his own . 
1	More busy than excite , more frantic than involve , more chaotic than entertain . 
3	Precocious smarter-than-thou wayward teen struggle to rebel against his oppressive , right-wing , propriety-obsessed family . 
2	Any Chekhov be good than no Chekhov , but it would be a shame if this be your introduction to one of the great play of the last 100 year . 
3	Its adult theme of familial separation and societal betrayal be head and shoulder above much of the director 's previous popcorn work . 
0	You may be gall that you 've waste nearly two hour of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie . 
1	I do n't smile . 
1	While some will object to the idea of a Vietnam picture with such a rah-rah , patriotic tone , Soldiers ultimately achieve it main strategic objective : dramatize the human cost of the conflict that come to define a generation . 
1	Return to Neverland manages to straddle the line between another classic for the company and just another run-of-the-mill Disney sequel intend for the home video market . 
1	Shafer 's feature do n't offer much in term of plot or acting . 
2	Was I scar ? 
1	But Windtalkers do n't beat that one , either . 
3	It 's funny . 
2	A case in point : Doug Pray 's Scratch . 
1	Contains a few big laugh but many more that graze the funny bone or miss it altogether , in part because the consciously dumbed-down approach wear thin . 
4	MacDowell ... give give a solid , anguished performance that eclipse nearly everything else she 's ever do . 
1	This be a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to film like Them ! 
3	Peppering this urban study with reference to Norwegian folktale , Villeneuve create in Maelstrom a world where the bizarre be credible and the real turn magical . 
1	No , I do n't know why Steven Seagal be consider a star , nor why he keep be cast in action film when none of them be ever any good or make any money . 
1	In the era of The Sopranos , it feel painfully redundant and inauthentic . 
0	You ca n't believe anyone would really buy this stuff . 
1	Long on twinkly-eyed close-ups and short on shame . 
1	It 's plotless , shapeless -- and yet , it must be admit , not entirely humorless . 
1	Each scene drag , underscore the obvious , and sentiment be slather on top . 
1	Outside of Burger 's desire to make some kind of film , it 's really unclear why this project be undertaken 
0	I 'd rather watch a rerun of The Powerpuff Girls 
3	It 's a talk head documentary , but a great one . 
2	C'mon ! 
1	Director Shekhar Kapur and screenwriter Michael Schiffer and Hossein Amini have try hard to modernize and reconceptualize thing , but the barrier finally prove to be too great . 
4	This be DiCaprio 's best performance in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year . 
1	Everything about it from the bland song to the colorful but flat drawing be completely serviceable and quickly forgettable . 
3	Cineasts will revel in those visual in-joke , a in the film 's verbal poke at everything from the like of Miramax chief Harvey Weinstein 's bluff personal style to the stylistic rigor of Denmark 's Dogma movement . 
1	An uneven look into a grim future that do n't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be see in other film base on Philip K. Dick story . 
2	You have enough finely tune act to compensate for the movie 's failing . 
0	All of the filmmaker ' calculation ca n't rescue Brown Sugar from the curse of blandness . 
2	The dramatic crisis do n't always succeed in it quest to be take seriously , but Huppert 's volatile performance make for a riveting movie experience . 
1	Eddie Murphy and Owen Wilson have a cute partnership in I Spy , but the movie around them be so often nearly nothing that their charm do n't do a load of good . 
0	There 's only one way to kill Michael Myers for good : stop buy ticket to these movie . 
4	It make compelling , provocative and prescient viewing . 
0	The Country Bears waste an exceptionally good idea . 
1	Conforms itself with create a game of ` who 's who ' ... where the character ' move be often more predictable than their consequence . 
3	A different and emotionally reserve type of survival story -- a film less about refract all of World War II through the specific condition of one man , and more about that man lose in it midst . 
1	Sure , I hat myself in the morning . 
4	A rollicking ride , with jaw-dropping action sequence , strike villain , a gorgeous color palette , astound technology , stir music and a boffo last hour that lead up to a strangely sinister happy end . 
0	Swims in mediocrity , stick it head up for a breath of fresh air now and then . 
3	Happily , some thing be immune to the folly of change taste and attitude . 
4	Great over-the-top moviemaking if you 're in a slap-happy mood . 
0	Swiftly deteriorate into a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress Andie MacDowell . 
0	As gamely a the movie try to make sense of it title character , there remain a huge gap between the film 's creepy , clean-cut Dahmer -LRB- Jeremy Renner -RRB- and fiendish act that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge . 
2	foreshadow 
3	This film be so different from The Apple and so striking that it can only encourage u to see Samira Makhmalbaf a a very distinctive sensibility , work to develop her own film language with conspicuous success . 
1	Sometimes make less sense than the Bruckheimeresque American action flick it emulate . 
0	Terrible . 
0	Tiresomely derivative and hammily act . 
1	The film 's final hour , where nearly all the previous unseen material resides , be unconvincing soap opera that Tornatore be right to cut . 
2	Witherspoon put to rest her valley-girl image , but it 's Dench who really steal the show . 
1	Lookin ' for sin , American-style ? 
2	Dolman confine himself to shtick and sentimentality -- the one bald and the other sloppy . 
3	An intelligent romantic thriller of a very old-school kind of quality . 
3	Even if The Ring have a familiar ring , it 's still unusually crafty and intelligent for Hollywood horror . 
3	The usual movie rah-rah , pleasantly and predictably deliver in low-key style by director Michael Apted and writer Tom Stoppard . 
4	An intelligent and deeply felt work about impossible , irrevocable choice and the price of make them . 
3	A diverse and astonishingly articulate cast of Palestinian and Israeli child . 
0	... what a banal bore the preachy Circuit turn out to be 
2	It would be disingenuous to call Reno a great film , but you can say that about most of the flick move in and out of the multiplex . 
1	By-the-numbers yarn . 
3	Part of the charm of Satin Rouge be that it avoid the obvious with humour and lightness . 
4	A movie of technical skill and rare depth of intellect and feeling . 
0	Cruel and inhuman cinematic punishment ... simultaneously degrade it character , it star and it audience . 
1	The only fun part of the movie be play the obvious game . 
2	Photographed with melancholy richness and eloquently perform yet also decidedly uncinematic . 
1	Kapur fail to give his audience a single character worth root for -LRB- or worth root against , for that matter -RRB- . 
1	Has lose some of the dramatic conviction that underlie the best of comedy ... 
2	Seeing Seinfeld at home a he watch his own appearance on Letterman with a clinical eye remind you that the key to stand-up be to always make it look easy , even though the reality be anything but . 
4	An engross story that combine psychological drama , sociological reflection , and high-octane thriller . 
3	A movie in which laughter and self-exploitation merge into jolly soft-porn 'em powerment . ' 
0	If you really want to understand what this story be really all about , you 're far good serve by the source material . 
3	Lightweight but appeal . 
1	Well , this movie prove you wrong on both count . 
2	A very familiar tale , one that 's be tell by countless filmmaker about Italian - , Chinese - , Irish - , Latin - , Indian - , Russian - and other hyphenate American young men struggle to balance conflict cultural message . 
4	That 's fun for kid of any age . 
1	Why would anyone cast the magnificent Jackie Chan in a movie full of stunt double and special effect ? 
3	Koury frighteningly and honestly expose one teenager 's uncomfortable class resentment and , in turn , his self-inflicted retaliation . 
4	Terrific performance , great to look at , and funny . 
3	An unorthodox little film noir organize crime story that include one of the strange love story you will ever see . 
3	Neatly construct thriller . 
4	One of the best silly horror movie of recent memory , with some real shock in store for unwary viewer . 
4	The most brilliant work in this genre since the 1984 uncut version of Sergio Leone 's flaw but stagger Once Upon a Time in America . 
3	The beautifully choreograph kitchen ballet be simple but absorb . 
3	Cool . 
2	`` Me Without You '' be a probe examination of a female friendship set against a few dynamic decade . 
2	This sort of cute and cloy material be far from Zhang 's forte and it show . 
2	The first half burst with a goofy energy previous Disney film only use for a few minute here and there . 
0	A peculiar misfire that even Tunney ca n't save . 
3	Coppola have make a film of intoxicate atmosphere and little else . 
2	The film have a childlike quality about it . 
1	There 's some good material in their story about a retail clerk want more out of life , but the movie too often spin it wheel with familiar situation and repetitive scene . 
3	Broomfield have a rather unique approach to documentary . 
3	-LRB- There 's -RRB- quite a bit of heart , a you would expect from the director of The Little Mermaid and Aladdin . 
1	Never inspire more than an interested detachment . 
3	Combines a comically dismal social realism with a farcically bawdy fantasy of redemption and regeneration . 
4	If `` Lilo & Stitch '' be n't the most edgy piece of Disney animation to hit the silver screen , then this first film to use a watercolor background since `` Dumbo '' certainly rank a the most original in year . 
3	Indeed , the more outrageous bit achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost Dadaist proportion . 
1	A grating , emaciate flick . 
2	Dense and thoughtful and brim with idea that be too complex to be rapidly absorb . 
3	It ai n't art , by a long shot , but unlike last year 's lame Musketeer , this Dumas adaptation entertains . 
0	What 's miss in Murder by Numbers be any real psychological grounding for the teen ' deviant behaviour . 
0	The Master of Disguise be awful . 
1	Nelson 's intention be good , but the end result do no justice to the story itself . 
3	A hypnotic portrait of this sad , compulsive life . 
3	-LRB- The film -RRB- tackle the topic of relationship in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end , it 's impossible to ascertain whether the film be , at it core , deeply pessimistic or quietly hopeful . 
3	Troubling and powerful . 
0	Director Douglas McGrath take on Nickleby with all the halfhearted zeal of an 8th grade boy delve into require reading . 
1	What 's infuriate about Full Frontal be that it 's too close to real life to make sense . 
4	Piccoli give a superb performance full of deep feeling . 
1	-LRB- Stevens be -RRB- so stoke to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he toss a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceit . 
3	Funny and also heartwarming without stoop to gooeyness . 
0	Most of the dialogue make me want to pack raw dough in my ear . 
2	A sincere but dramatically conflict gay coming-of-age tale . 
3	A wild ride of a movie that keep throw fastball . 
0	It 's a bad action movie because there 's no rooting interest and the spectacle be grotesque and boring . 
1	A very slow , uneventful ride around a pretty tattered old carousel . 
3	Although Olivier Assayas ' elegantly appoint period drama seem , at time , pad with incident in the way of a too-conscientious adaptation ... it three-hour running time play close to two . 
0	Like life on the island , the movie grow bore despite the scenery . 
4	Jones have deliver a solidly entertaining and move family drama . 
2	An intriguing near-miss . 
1	Scooby-Doo do n't know if it want to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for old fan or a silly , Nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick . 
1	... del Toro maintain a dark mood that make the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy . 
2	Sometimes shorter be well . 
4	Peter Jackson and company once again dazzle and delight u , fulfil practically every expectation either a longtime Tolkien fan or a movie-going neophyte could want . 
1	David Spade a Citizen Kane ? 
4	It 's a great American adventure and a wonderful film to bring to IMAX . 
2	A glorious mess . 
0	Never have see the first two film in the series , I ca n't compare Friday After Next to them , but nothing would change the fact that what we have here be a load of clam leave in the broiling sun for a good three day . 
3	... standard gun versus martial art cliche with little new add . 
3	Pratfalls aside , Barbershop get it great play from the timeless spectacle of people really talk to each other . 
1	tale will be all too familiar for anyone who 's see George Roy Hill 's 1973 film , `` The Sting . '' 
1	Showtime be n't particularly assaultive , but it can still make you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again . 
2	A savage John Waters-like humor that dance on the edge of tastelessness without ever quite fall over . 
4	Victor Rosa be Leguizamo 's best movie work so far , a subtle and richly internalized performance . 
1	But it 's also disappointing to a certain degree . 
4	Pete 's screenplay manage to find that real natural , even-flowing tone that few movie be able to accomplish . 
1	This be a third-person story now , tell by Hollywood , and much more ordinary for it . 
1	Fails to convince the audience that these brat will ever be anything more than loser . 
3	It 's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture , and if it be n't entirely persuasive , it do give exposure to some talented performer . 
2	Does what should seem impossible : it make serial killer Jeffrey Dahmer boring . 
1	`` One look at a girl in tight pant and big tit and you turn stupid ? '' 
4	This Chicago have hugely imaginative and successful casting to it great credit , as well a one terrific score and attitude to spare . 
4	Pacino and Williams seem to keep up the ante on each other , just a their character do in the film . 
4	A fiercely clever and subtle film , capture the precarious balance between the extravagant confidence of the exiled aristocracy and the cruel earnestness of the victorious revolutionary . 
4	The best didacticism be one carry by a strong sense of humanism , and Bertrand Tavernier 's oft-brilliant Safe Conduct -LRB- `` Laissez-passer '' -RRB- wear it heart on it sleeve . 
2	The movie be a little tired ; maybe the original inspiration have run it course . 
3	Schrader examine Crane 's decline with unblinking candor . 
4	Like Edward Norton in American History X , Ryan Gosling -LRB- Murder By Numbers -RRB- deliver a magnetic performance . 
4	If you love the music , and I do , it hard to imagine have more fun watch a documentary ... 
1	But first , you have to give the audience a reason to want to put for that effort 
3	As relationship shift , director Robert J. Siegel allow the character to inhabit their world without cleave to a narrative arc . 
1	Contains all the substance of a Twinkie -- easy to swallow , but scarcely nourishing . 
2	A minor work yet there 's no deny the potency of Miller 's strange , fleeting brew of hopeful perseverance and hopeless closure . 
3	Harks back to a time when movie have more to do with imagination than market research . 
3	Like a Tarantino movie with heart , Alias Betty be richly detail , deftly execute and utterly absorbing . 
3	The Four Feathers be definitely horse feather , but if you go in know that , you might have fun in this cinematic sandbox . 
2	Is truth strange than fiction ? 
3	Although it lack the detail of the book , the film do pack some serious suspense . 
4	It 's a masterpeice . 
2	Diverting French comedy in which a husband have to cope with the pesky mood of jealousy . 
1	A little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify a drama , Monsoon Wedding serve mostly to whet one 's appetite for the Bollywood film . 
2	Feels untidily honest . 
0	No big whoop , nothing new to see , zero thrill , too many flashback and a choppy end make for a bad film . 
2	Feels slight , a if it be an extended short , albeit one make by the smart kid in class . 
3	A chill tale of one of the great crime of 20th Century France : the murder of two rich woman by their servant in 1933 . 
1	The kind of movie that leave vague impression and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of it operational mechanic . 
3	S1M0NE 's satire be not subtle , but it be effective . 
2	It 's all gratuitous before long , a if Schwentke be fulfil a gross-out quota for an anticipated audience demographic instead of shape the material to fit the story . 
1	-LRB- Toback 's -RRB- fondness for fancy split-screen , stutter edit and pompous reference to Wittgenstein and Kirkegaard ... blend uneasily with the titillate material . 
3	The Cat 's Meow mark a return to form for director Peter Bogdanovich ... 
1	The director mostly play it straight , turn Leys ' fable into a listless climb down the social ladder . 
2	The limited set and small confine and dark space also be homage to a classic low-budget film noir movie . 
2	Has not so much be write a assembled , Frankenstein-like , out of other , marginally good shoot-em-ups . 
1	But this time , the old MIB label stand for Milder Is n't Better . 
3	Art-house to the core , Read My Lips be a genre-curling crime story that revive the free-wheeling noir spirit of old French cinema . 
3	Based on Dave Barry 's popular book of the same name , the movie benefit from have a real writer plot out all of the character ' move and overlap story . 
1	Despite some charm and heart , this quirky soccer import be forgettable 
1	The weird thing about The Santa Clause 2 , purportedly a child 's movie , be that there be nothing in it to engage child emotionally . 
2	This sci-fi techno-sex thriller start out bizarre and just keep get weirder . 
1	Hip-hop rarely come alive a it own fire-breathing entity in this picture . 
2	The origin story be well tell , and the character will not disappoint anyone who value the original comic book . 
1	Inconsequential road-and-buddy pic . 
1	If Disney 's Cinderella prove that ' a dream be a wish your heart make , ' then Cinderella II prove that a nightmare be a wish a studio 's wallet make . 
0	This strenuously unfunny Showtime deserve the hook . 
3	Jonathan Parker 's Bartleby should have be the be-all-end-all of the modern-office anomie film . 
4	He have a great cast and a great idea . 
0	Ozpetek offer an AIDS subtext , skim over the reality of gay sex , and present yet another tired old vision of the gay community a an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bore like Antonia can feel good about themselves . 
0	The movie fail to portray it literarily talented and notorious subject a anything much more than a dirty old man . 
4	Hailed a a clever exercise in neo-Hitchcockianism , this clever and very satisfying picture be more accurately Chabrolian . 
1	` Synthetic ' be the best description of this well-meaning , beautifully produce film that sacrifice it promise for a high-powered star pedigree . 
4	A no-holds-barred cinematic treat . 
1	The Quiet American be n't a bad film , it 's just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar . 
2	The animation and backdrop be lush and inventive , yet Return to Neverland never manage to take u to that elusive , lovely place where we suspend our disbelief . 
1	The fetid underbelly of fame have never look uglier . 
2	Witless but watchable . 
3	A sensitive and astute first feature by Anne-Sophie Birot . 
3	The charm of the lead performance allow u to forget most of the film 's problem . 
1	A dark comedy that go for sick and demented humor simply to do so . 
3	Together , Miller , Kuras and the actress make Personal Velocity into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey . 
3	A very well-meaning movie , and it will stand in future year a an eloquent memorial to the World Trade Center tragedy . 
1	Though clearly well-intentioned , this cross-cultural soap opera be painfully formulaic and stilted . 
3	With so many bad romance out there , this be the kind of movie that deserve a chance to shine . 
3	-LRB- Shyamalan -RRB- continue to cut a swathe through mainstream Hollywood , while retain an integrity and refuse to compromise his vision . 
3	What redeem the film be the cast , particularly the Ya-Yas themselves . 
0	The only way to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film might be with a large dose of painkiller . 
2	One thing be for sure : This movie do not tell you a whole lot about Lily Chou-Chou . 
3	`` Birthday Girl '' be an actor 's movie first and foremost . 
4	Despite it float narrative , this be a remarkably accessible and haunting film . 
4	One of those movie that catch you up in something big than yourself , namely , an archetypal desire to enjoy good trash every now and then . 
2	Now I can see why people think I be too hard on `` The Mothman Prophecies '' . 
2	The most anti-human big studio picture since 3000 Miles to Graceland . 
0	The only thing `` sweep away '' be the one hour and thirty-three minute spend watch this waste of time . 
2	A preposterously melodramatic paean to gang-member teen in Brooklyn circa 1958 . 
3	Jacquot 's strategy allow his cast the benefit of be able to give full performance ... while demonstrate vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself . 
4	Visually captivate . 
1	Unfortunately , that 's precisely what Arthur Dong 's Family Fundamentals do . 
1	While Hollywood Ending have it share of belly laugh -LRB- include a knockout of a closing line -RRB- , the movie wind up feel like a great missed opportunity . 
1	The film itself be about something very interesting and odd that would probably work well a a real documentary without the insinuation of mediocre acting or a fairly trite narrative . 
0	Our culture be head down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender -- and I know this because I 've see ` jackass : the movie . ' 
4	Nothing short of a masterpiece -- and a challenge one . 
0	Frankly , it 's kind of insulting , both to men and woman . 
2	A respectable but uninspired thriller that 's intelligent and consider in it detail , but ultimately weak in it impact . 
0	One of the bad movie of the year . 
1	Ignore the reputation , and ignore the film . 
0	Predictably soulless techno-tripe . 
2	This English-language version ... do full honor to Miyazaki 's teeming and often unsettling landscape , and to the conflicted complexity of his character . 
1	The skill of a calculus major at M.I.T . be require to balance all the formulaic equation in the long-winded heist comedy Who Is Cletis Tout ? 
3	Expect no major discovery , nor any stylish sizzle , but the film sit with square conviction and touch good sense on the experience of it woman . 
4	Nicholson 's understated performance be wonderful . 
1	It 's just that it 's so not-at-all-good . 
1	I suspect that there be more interesting way of deal with the subject . 
3	It 's a quirky , off-beat project . 
1	We have poignancy jostle against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbow aside by one-liner , and a visual style that incorporate rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe , that it look neat . 
1	Stuffy , full of itself , morally ambiguous and nothing to shout about . 
3	As the dominant Christine , Sylvie Testud be icily brilliant . 
0	The effort be sincere and the result be honest , but the film be so bleak that it 's hardly watchable . 
3	Viva le Resistance ! 
2	Every child 's story be what matter . 
2	Spend your Benjamins on a matinee . 
2	... a lesson in prehistoric hilarity . 
3	A tone of rueful compassion ... reverberate throughout this film , whose meaning and impact be sadly heighten by current world event . 
4	The overall fabric be hypnotic , and Mr. Mattei foster moment of spontaneous intimacy . 
0	If there be any doubt that Peter O'Fallon do n't have an original bone in his body , A Rumor of Angels should dispel it . 
4	The animated sequence be well do and perfectly construct to convey a sense of childhood imagination and create adventure out of angst . 
1	Choppy , overlong documentary about ` The Lifestyle . ' 
0	Due to stodgy , soap opera-ish dialogue , the rest of the cast come across a stick figure read line from a TelePrompTer . 
4	I have n't laugh that hard in year ! 
4	With a cast of A-list Brit actor , it be worth search out . 
1	The new film of Anton Chekhov 's The Cherry Orchard put the ` ick ' in ` classic . ' 
4	The movie be well craft , and well execute . 
4	It 's anchor by splendid performance from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother\/daughter pair . 
0	Would Benigni 's Italian Pinocchio have be any easy to sit through than this hastily dub disaster ? 
3	Despite an overwrought end , the film work as well a it do because of the performance . 
1	Cinematic pyrotechnic aside , the only thing Avary seem to care about be mean giggle and pulchritude . 
2	The good be very , very good ... The rest run from mildly unimpressive to despairingly awful . 
3	Watching these two actor play against each other so intensely , but with restraint , be a treat . 
2	What 's the most positive thing that can be say about the new Rob Schneider vehicle ? 
1	Too infuriatingly quirky and take with it own style . 
1	Watching Queen of the Damned be like read a research paper , with special effect toss in . 
0	Adam Sandler 's Eight Crazy Nights grow on you -- like a rash . 
2	The actress may have work up a back story for the woman they portray so convincingly , but viewer do n't get enough of that background for the character to be involve a individual rather than type . 
3	A complex psychological drama about a father who return to his son 's home after decade away . 
0	The movie be so contrived , nonsensical and formulaic that , come to think of it , the day-old shelf would be a more appropriate location to store it . 
4	A minor film with major pleasure from Portuguese master Manoel de Oliviera ... 
4	For VeggieTales fan , this be more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus . 
4	If the real-life story be genuinely inspirational , the movie stir u a well . 
3	-LRB- Gayton 's script -RRB- telegraph every discovery and layer on the gloss of convenience . 
3	No , it 's not as single-minded a John Carpenter 's original , but it 's sure a lot smart and more unnerving than the sequel . 
1	This start off with a 1950 's Doris Day feel and it get very ugly , very fast . 
3	Blessed with two fine , nuanced lead performance . 
3	What 's next ? 
2	If you 're pay attention , the `` big twist '' be pretty easy to guess - but that do n't make the movie any less entertaining . 
4	If you 're a comic fan , you ca n't miss it . 
3	Earnest and heartfelt but undernourished and plodding . 
4	Fairy-tale formula , serve a a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue , comedy , direction and especially charm . 
3	Pipe Dream do have it charm . 
2	What could have be a pointed little chiller about the frighten seductiveness of new technology lose faith in it own viability and succumbs to joyless special-effects excess . 
3	Brosnan be more feral in this film than I 've see him before and Halle Berry do her best to keep up with him . 
3	Director Carl Franklin , so crisp and economical in One False Move , bog down in genre cliche here . 
4	A thoughtful , reverent portrait of what be essentially a subculture , with it own rule regard love and family , governance and hierarchy . 
0	But ticket-buyers with great expectation will wind up as glum a Mr. De Niro . 
1	From it nauseate spin credit sequence to a very talented but underutilized supporting cast , Bartleby squander as much a it give out . 
1	-LRB- Davis -RRB- want to cause his audience an epiphany , yet he refuse to give u real situation and character . 
4	But darn if it do n't also keep u rivet to our seat . 
0	Rashomon-for-dipsticks tale . 
3	Good actor have a radar for juicy role -- there 's a plethora of character in this picture , and not one of them be flat . 
3	A genuine mind-bender . 
3	This bracingly truthful antidote to Hollywood teenage movie that slather Clearasil over the blemish of youth capture the combustible mixture of a chafing inner loneliness and desperate grandiosity that tend to characterize puberty . 
3	An unexpectedly sweet story of sisterhood . 
2	Ultimately , Jane learn her place a a girl , soften up and lose some of the intensity that make her an interesting character to begin with . 
4	It 's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted character - and it 's also pretty funny . 
3	It 's an ambitious film , and a with all ambitious film , it have some problem . 
1	Nothing too deep or substantial . 
1	Disney again ransack it archive for a quick-buck sequel . 
3	A vivid , spicy footnote to history , and a movie that grip and hold you in rapt attention from start to finish . 
1	Without a fresh infusion of creativity , 4Ever be neither a promise nor a threat so much a wishful thinking . 
3	Despite it flaw , Crazy a Hell mark an encouraging new direction for La Salle . 
3	A low-key labor of love that strike a very resonant chord . 
1	The movie attempt to mine laugh from a genre -- the gangster\/crime comedy -- that wear out it welcome with audience several year ago , and it cutesy reliance on movie-specific cliche be n't exactly endear . 
4	The urban landscape be detail down to the sign on the kiosk , and the color palette , with lot of somber blue and pink , be dreamy and evocative . 
3	Cho 's late comic set be n't as sharp or as fresh a I 'm the One That I Want ... but it 's still damn funny stuff . 
1	While it be welcome to see a Chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion , Lan Yu never catch dramatic fire . 
3	The real triumph in Igby come from Philippe , who make Oliver far more interesting than the character 's line would suggest , and Sarandon , who could n't be well a a cruel but weirdly likable WASP matron . 
3	A plethora of engage diatribe on the meaning of ` home , ' deliver in grand passion by the member of the various household . 
2	A coming-of-age film 
4	Ourside the theatre Roger might be intolerable company , but inside it he 's well worth spend some time with . 
1	Despite it visual virtuosity , ` Naqoyqatsi ' be banal in it message and the choice of material to convey it . 
0	Stealing Harvard do n't care about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor . 
4	What I saw , I enjoy . 
0	The Sum of All Fears pretend to be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism , but it 's really nothing more than warmed-over Cold War paranoia . 
4	Morton deserve an Oscar nomination . 
0	A sentimental mess that never ring true . 
1	Some episode work , some do n't . 
3	For those of an indulgent , slightly sunbaked and summery mind , Sex and Lucia may well prove divert enough . 
1	Represents the depth to which the girls-behaving-badly film have fall . 
0	Pompous and garble . 
0	A depressingly retrograde , ` post-feminist ' romantic comedy that take an astonishingly condescend attitude toward woman . 
1	Although sensitive to a fault , it 's often overwritten , with a surfeit of weighty revelation , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past and roads not take . 
3	Its almost too-spectacular coastal setting distracts slightly from an eccentric and good-naturedly aimless story . 
1	But it be n't . 
3	Horns and Halos benefit from serendipity but also remind u of our own responsibility to question what be tell a the truth . 
4	This be one of those war movie that focus on human interaction rather than battle and action sequence ... and it 's all the strong because of it . 
4	Writer-director Juan Carlos Fresnadillo make a feature debut that be fully form and remarkably assure . 
0	But this new jangle of noise , mayhem and stupidity must be a serious contender for the title . 
3	A quiet family drama with a little bit of romance and a dose of darkness . 
2	Children of the Century , though well dress and well make , ultimately fall prey to the contradiction that afflict so many movie about writer . 
1	If Festival in Cannes nail hard - boil Hollywood argot with a bracingly nasty accuracy , much about the film , include some of it casting , be frustratingly unconvincing . 
0	A woefully dull , redundant concept that bear more than a whiff of exploitation , despite Iwai 's vaunted empathy . 
3	My Wife Is an Actress work as well a it do because -LRB- the lead -RRB- be such a companionable couple . 
3	It ask nothing of the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actor ham it up . 
2	Martyr get royally screw and come back for more . 
1	Scotland , PA be entirely too straight-faced to transcend it clever concept . 
3	Miller have craft an intriguing story of maternal instinct and misguided act of affection . 
1	Often silly -- and gross -- but it 's rarely as moronic a some campus gross-out film . 
1	The gag , and the script , be a mixed bag . 
2	A crisply make movie that be no more than mildly amuse . 
3	Terrific casting and solid execution give all three story life . 
3	Promises be a compelling piece that demonstrate just how well child can be train to live out and carry on their parent ' anguish . 
0	The character ... be paper-thin , and their personality undergo radical change when it suit the script . 
3	What make Barbershop so likable , with all it flaw , be that it have none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedy . 
1	Nothing more than four or five mild chuckle surround by 86 minute of overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy . 
3	Sure , it 's contrive and predictable , but it performance be so well tune that the film come off winningly , even though it 's never as solid a you want it to be . 
1	I never think I 'd say this , but I 'd much rather watch teen poke their genitals into fruit pie ! 
4	Informative , intriguing , observant , often touch ... give a human face to what 's often discuss in purely abstract term . 
4	Whatever heartwarming scene the impressively discreet filmmaker may have expect to record with their mini DV , they show a remarkable ability to document both side of this emotional car-wreck . 
0	A humorless journey into a philosophical void . 
2	The movie be essentially a series of fleetingly interesting actor ' moment . 
3	The plot twist give I Am Trying to Break Your Heart an attraction it desperately need . 
4	An action\/thriller of the fine kind , evoke memory of Day of the Jackal , The French Connection , and Heat . 
1	The drama disclose almost nothing . 
2	It 's time to let your hair down -- Greek style . 
3	Wilco fan will have a great time , and the movie should win the band a few new convert , too . 
0	The joke be sophomoric , stereotype be sprinkle everywhere and the acting range from bad to bodacious . 
3	A well-crafted film that be all the more remarkable because it achieve it emotional power and moment of revelation with restraint and a delicate ambiguity . 
2	Unspools like a highbrow , low-key , 102-minute infomercial , blend entrepreneurial zeal with the testimony of satisfied customer . 
2	A relatively effective little potboiler until it absurd , contrive , overblown , and entirely implausible finale . 
4	Half Past Dead be just such an achievement . 
3	The re-release of Ron Howard 's Apollo 13 in the IMAX format prove absolutely that really , really , really good thing can come in enormous package . 
0	This long and relentlessly saccharine film be a clear case of preach to the convert . 
3	Short and sweet , but also more than anything else slight ... Tadpole pull back from the consequence of it own action and revelation . 
4	My Wife be an Actress have it moment in look at the comic effect of jealousy . 
1	In the end , Tuck Everlasting fall victim to that everlasting conundrum experience by every human who ever live : too much to do , too little time to do it in . 
0	You 'll find yourself wish that you and they be in another movie . 
3	Visually fascinate ... an often intense character study about father and son , loyalty and duty . 
2	Leading a double life in an American film only come to no good , but not here . 
3	She allow each character to confront their problem openly and honestly . 
3	Compulsively watchable , no matter how degraded thing get . 
3	If you can push on through the slow spot , you 'll be reward with some fine acting . 
2	The comedy make social commentary more palatable . 
1	A film that lose sight of it own story . 
4	Fontaine 's direction , especially her agreeably startle use of close-ups and her grace with a move camera , create sheerly cinematic appeal . 
2	Funny , though . 
3	Take any 12-year-old boy to see this picture , and he 'll be your slave for a year . 
3	A solidly construct , entertain thriller that stop short of true inspiration . 
1	Snow Dogs find it humour in a black man get humiliate by a pack of dog who be smart than him 
0	I 'm not sure which will take long to heal : the welt on Johnny Knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche . 
0	We do n't get pay enough to sit through crap like this . 
1	Too bad . 
3	But tongue-in-cheek preposterousness have always be part of For the most part Wilde 's droll whimsy help `` Being Earnest '' overcome it weakness and Parker 's creative interference ... 
3	By apply definition to both side of the man , the picture realize a fullness that do not negate the subject . 
3	Many insightful moment . 
3	Zhuangzhuang create delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance , but against all odds , nothing do . 
2	It never be , not fully . 
1	... while certainly clever in spot , this too-long , spoofy update of Shakespeare 's Macbeth do n't sustain a high enough level of invention . 
2	There 's an epic here , but you have to put it together yourself . 
2	But fan of the show should not consider this a dis . 
2	Lillard and Cardellini earn their Scooby Snacks , but not anyone else . 
3	Filmmakers Dana Janklowicz-Mann and Amir Mann area head east , Far East , in retell a historically significant , and personal , episode detail how one international city welcome ten of thousand of German Jewish refugee while the world 's democracie 
2	Really dumb but occasionally really funny . 
1	Does n't really add up to much . 
2	Shadyac , who belong with the damn for perpetrate Patch Adams , trot out every ghost trick from The Sixth Sense to The Mothman Prophecies . 
1	Zellweger 's whiny pouty-lipped poof face and spindly attempt at play an ingenue make her nomination a best actress even more of a an a 
3	Has a solid emotional impact . 
3	One of those unassuming film that sneak up on you and stay with you long after you have leave the theatre . 
3	Let 's issue a moratorium , effective immediately , on treacly film about inspirational prep-school professor and the child they so heartwarmingly motivate . 
2	The same should go for movie theater . 
0	Where 's the movie here ? 
3	You come away from his film overwhelm , hopeful and , perhaps paradoxically , illuminate . 
2	Pull -LRB- s -RRB- off the rare trick of recreate not only the look of a certain era , but also the feel . 
0	... unspeakably , unbearably dull , feature ream of flatly deliver dialogue and a heroine who come across a both shallow and dim-witted . 
3	Good performance keep it from be a total rehash . 
2	What with the incessant lounge music playing in the film 's background , you may mistake Love Liza for an Adam Sandler Chanukah song . 
1	The modern-day royal have nothing on these guy when it come to scandal . 
3	A disoriented but occasionally disarm saga pack with moment out of an Alice in Wonderland adventure , a stalker thriller , and a condensed season of TV 's Big Brother . 
3	Not as well-written a Sexy Beast , not a gloriously flippant a Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels , but stylish and moody and exceptionally well-acted . 
0	Killing time , that 's all that 's go on here . 
1	Puts on air of a Hal Hartley wannabe film -- without the vital comic ingredient of the hilarious writer-director himself . 
4	At once subtle and visceral , the film never succumb to the trap of the maudlin or tearful , offer instead with it unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future . 
3	He watch them a they float within the sea of their personality . 
1	I do n't laugh . 
2	In this film we at least see a study in contrast ; the wide range of one actor , and the limited range of a comedian . 
1	There be simply not enough of interest onscreen to sustain it seventy-minute running time . 
1	The Master of Disguise represent Adam Sandler 's late attempt to dumb down the universe . 
2	-LRB- A -RRB- stuporously solemn film . 
2	It 's sweet ... but just a little bit too precious at the start and a little too familiar at the end . 
1	This be a truly , truly bad movie . 
2	Is Red Dragon worthy of a place alongside the other Hannibal movie ? 
3	The fact be that the screen be most alive when it seem most likely that Broomfield 's interviewee , or even himself , will not be for much long . 
3	Despite it old-hat set-up and predictable plot , Empire still have enough moment to keep it entertain . 
0	Poor Ben Bratt could n't find stardom if MapQuest email him point-to-point driving direction . 
2	It wo n't harm anyone , but neither can I think of a very good reason to rush right out and see it . 
0	At time , it actually hurt to watch . 
3	Shyamalan take a potentially trite and overused concept -LRB- alien come to Earth -RRB- and infuse it into a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion . 
2	Y 
3	The Dangerous Lives of Altar Boys ' take on adolescence feel painfully true . 
2	Would I see it again ? 
0	Why sit through a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movie , when you could just rent those movie instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one ? 
4	The entire movie establish a wonderfully creepy mood . 
1	Taken outside the context of the current political climate -LRB- see : terrorist be more evil than ever ! -RRB- 
0	A particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull , period coming-of-age tale . 
3	It 's at once laughable and compulsively watchable , in it committed dumbness . 
1	Lacks depth . 
4	A tremendous piece of work . 
3	What 's surprising be how well it hold up in an era in which computer-generated image be the norm . 
1	I do n't think so . 
0	Koepp 's screenplay be n't nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on it own . 
4	Better effect , good acting and a hilarious Kenneth Branagh . 
0	A derivative collection of horror and sci-fi cliche . 
3	Moonlight Mile give itself the freedom to feel contradictory thing . 
0	What little atmosphere be generate by the shadowy lighting , macabre set , and endless rain be offset by the sheer ugliness of everything else . 
1	Curiously , Super Troopers suffers because it do n't have enough vice to merit it 103-minute length . 
2	`` What John do be heroic , but we do n't condone it , '' one of the film 's star recently say , a tortuous comment that perfectly illustrate the picture 's moral schizophrenia . 
0	... hypnotically dull . 
4	A graceful , move tribute to the courage of New York 's fine and a nicely understated expression of the grief share by the nation at their sacrifice . 
3	She be a lioness , protect her cub , and he a reluctant villain , incapable of control his crew . 
3	It 's a film that 's destine to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth review and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classic . 
3	Even though many of these guy be less than adorable -LRB- their lamentation be pretty much self-centered -RRB- , there 's something vital about the movie . 
2	As it stand it 's an opera movie for the buff . 
1	Sex be one of those film that aim to confuse . 
2	`` Secretary '' be own by it costars , Spader and Gyllenhaal . 
0	It 's Pauly Shore awful . 
1	Shunji Iwai 's All About Lily Chou Chou be a beautifully shot , but ultimately flaw film about grow up in Japan . 
3	Sheds light on a subject few be familiar with , and make you care about music you may not have hear before . 
1	The high-concept scenario soon prove preposterous , the acting be robotically italicize , and truth-in-advertising hound take note : There 's very little hustle on view . 
1	Surprisingly , consider that Baird be a former film editor , the movie be rather choppy . 
2	Overall , interesting a a documentary -- but not very Imaxy . 
2	Whether Quitting will prove absorb to American audience be debatable . 
1	The comedy Death to Smoochy be a rancorous curiosity : a movie without an apparent audience . 
1	Odd and weird . 
1	This be not an easy film . 
2	Simply do n't have sufficient heft to justify it two-hour running time . 
0	... overly melodramatic ... 
1	A potentially good comic premise and excellent cast be terribly waste . 
1	In any case , I would recommend Big Bad Love only to Winger fan who have miss her since 1995 's Forget Paris . 
3	You watch for that sense of openness , the little surprise . 
2	Jaunty fun , with it celeb-strewn backdrop well use . 
1	Simply a re-hash of the other seven film . 
0	Far too clever by half , Howard 's film be really a series of strung-together moment , with all the space in between fill with fantasy , daydream , memory and one fantastic visual trope after another . 
0	The late Adam Sandler assault and possibly the bad film of the year . 
2	Samuel Beckett apply to the Iranian voting process . 
1	There be only so much baked cardboard I need to chew . 
0	A full-frontal attack on audience patience . 
3	This be one of those rare doc that paint a grand picture of an era and make the journey feel like a party . 
0	When you find yourself root for the monster in a horror movie , you know the picture be in trouble . 
4	A stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying , piece of character-driven storytelling . 
0	A word of advice to the maker of The Singles Ward : Celebrity cameo do not automatically equal laugh . 
2	, with cheapo animation -LRB- like Saturday morning TV in the '60s -RRB- , a complex sword-and-sorcery plot and character who all have big round eye and Japanese name . 
1	This be a film living far too much in it own head . 
3	The bottom line with Nemesis be the same a it have be with all the film in the series : Fans will undoubtedly enjoy it , and the uncommitted need n't waste their time on it . 
1	An obvious copy of one of the best film ever make , how could it not be ? 
0	Mr. Goyer 's loose , unaccountable direction be technically sophisticated in the bad way . 
3	Mordantly funny and intimately knowing ... 
2	end . 
1	Fairly run-of-the-mill . 
2	Dark and disturbing , yet compel to watch . 
1	Whether this be art imitate life or life imitate art , it 's an unhappy situation all around . 
3	Like a veteran head cutter , Barbershop be tune in to it community . 
1	The story be predictable , the joke be typical Sandler fare , and the romance with Ryder be puzzle . 
1	Tends to plod . 
1	Formulaic to the 51st power , more like . 
2	Here Polanski look back on those place he saw at childhood , and capture them by free them from artefact , and by show them heartbreakingly drably . 
0	The three lead produce adequate performance , but what 's miss from this material be any depth of feeling . 
2	For all it plot twist , and some of them verge on the bizarre a the film wind down , Blood Work be a strong , character-oriented piece . 
3	The light , most breezy movie Steven Spielberg have make in more than a decade . 
1	In The New Guy , even the bull get recycle . 
3	Originality ai n't on the menu , but there 's never a dull moment in the giant spider invasion comic chiller . 
3	It 's a ripper of a yarn and I for one enjoy the thrill of the chill . 
3	The script be smart , not cloy . 
1	Spectators will indeed sit open-mouthed before the screen , not scream but yawn . 
2	... the picture 's cleverness be ironically mute by the very people who be intend to make it shine . 
1	You 'd be hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous -LRB- than Leon -RRB- . 
0	Dismally dull sci-fi comedy . 
0	Never capitalize on this concept and opts for the breezy and amateurish feel of an after school special on the subject of tolerance . 
1	PC stability notwithstanding , the film suffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat , fairy-tale conclusion . 
3	A story about intelligent high school student that deal with first love sweetly but also seriously . 
4	Assured , vital and well wrought , the film be , arguably , the most accomplished work to date from Hong Kong 's versatile Stanley Kwan . 
1	The most opaque , self-indulgent and just plain goofy an excuse for a movie a you can imagine . 
3	Who need mind-bending drug when they can see this , the final part of the ` qatsi ' trilogy , direct by Godfrey Reggio , with music by Philip Glass ? 
2	True Hollywood Story . 
3	The movie be amateurish , but it 's a minor treat . 
2	` You 'll laugh for not quite and hour and a half , but come out feel strangely unsatisfied . 
4	I can easily imagine Benigni 's Pinocchio become a Christmas perennial . 
3	That 's why Sex and Lucia be so alluring . 
3	Any movie that make hard work seem heroic deserve a look . 
2	A lot of it gag and observation reflect a woman 's point-of-view . 
0	In my own very humble opinion , In Praise of Love lack even the most fragmented charm I have find in almost all of his previous work . 
1	There 's more repetition than creativity throughout the movie . 
1	-LRB- A -RRB- boldly stroke , luridly colour , uni-dimensional nonsense machine that stroke the eyeball while it evaporate like so much crypt mist in the brain . 
2	... one big laugh , three or four mild giggle , and a whole lot of not much else . 
3	Affable if not timeless , Like Mike raise some worthwhile theme while deliver a wholesome fantasy for kid . 
2	Perhaps the film should be see a a conversation starter . 
2	It do give you a peek . 
1	Feels shrill , simple and soapy . 
3	A wild comedy that could only spring from the demented mind of the writer of Being John Malkovich . 
3	The film be old-fashioned , occasionally charm and as subtle a boldface . 
3	Pure cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama , tastelessness and swoon elegance . 
1	A minor-league soccer remake of The Longest Yard . 
0	Everything be as superficial a the forced New Jersey lowbrow accent Uma have . 
1	Godard use his character -- if that 's not too glorify a term -- a art thing , mouthpiece , visual motif , blank . 
1	Take Care be nicely perform by a quintet of actress , but nonetheless it drag during it 112-minute length . 
1	The bottom line , at least in my opinion , be Imposter make a good short story than it do a film . 
1	Formula 51 promise a new kind of high but deliver the same old bad trip . 
2	With line that feel like long soliloquy -- even a they be be frame in conversation -- Max be static , stilted . 
1	Directed without the expected flair or imagination by Hong Kong master John Woo , Windtalkers air just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across it indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length . 
0	Aggravating and tedious . 
3	An undeniably moving film to experience , and ultimately that 's what make it worth a recommendation . 
3	Frank Capra play this story straight . 
0	Starts a an intense political and psychological thriller but be sabotage by tick time bomb and other Hollywood-action cliche . 
1	Cattaneo rework the formula that make The Full Monty a smashing success ... but neglect to add the magic that make it all work . 
1	Obvious . 
3	Though overall an overwhelmingly positive portrayal , the film do n't ignore the more problematic aspect of Brown 's life . 
3	Paid in Full be remarkably engage despite be noticeably derivative of Goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flick . 
3	The big end surprise almost save the movie . 
1	Problem be , we have no idea what in creation be go on . 
0	It 's a if a bored Cage spend the duration of the film 's shooting schedule wait to scream : `` Got AIDS yet ? '' 
3	4Ever have the same sledgehammer appeal a Pokemon video , but it breathe more on the big screen and induces headache more slowly . 
3	A smart , steamy mix of road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire . 
3	Warm and exotic . 
4	Steers , in his feature film debut , have create a brilliant motion picture . 
2	From begin to end , this overheated melodrama play like a student film . 
3	The off-center humor be a constant , and the ensemble give it a buoyant delivery . 
1	overburden with complicated plotting and banal dialogue 
2	Sometimes we feel a if the film careen from one colorful event to another without respite , but sometimes it must have seem to Frida Kahlo a if her life do , too . 
3	Yet this one make up for in heart what it lack in outright newness . 
3	-LRB- Fincher 's -RRB- camera sense and assure pace make it an above-average thriller . 
2	The Pinochet Case be a sear album of remembrance from those who , have survive , suffer most . 
2	However stale the material , Lawrence 's delivery remain perfect ; his great gift be that he can actually trick you into think some of this worn-out , pander palaver be actually funny . 
1	Whatever the movie 's sentimental , hypocritical lesson about sexism , it true color come out in various wet T-shirt and shower scene . 
3	All right , so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but it be a funny -LRB- sometimes hilarious -RRB- comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast . 
4	Over the year , Hollywood have craft a solid formula for successful animated movie , and Ice Age only improve on it , with terrific computer graphic , inventive action sequence and a droll sense of humor . 
2	He 's work too hard on this movie . 
1	If Welles be unhappy at the prospect of the human race splitting in two , he probably would n't be too crazy with his great-grandson 's movie split up in pretty much the same way . 
2	The philosophical musing of the dialogue jar against the tawdry soap opera antic of the film 's action in a way that be surprisingly enjoyable . 
3	Some people march to the beat of a different drum , and if you ever wonder what kind of house those people live in , this documentary take a look at 5 alternative housing option . 
3	It 's up to -LRB- Watts -RRB- to lend credibility to this strange scenario , and her presence succeed in make u believe . 
1	Noyce 's great mistake be think that we need sweeping , dramatic , Hollywood moment to keep u 
2	it somehow manage to make it way past my crappola radar and find a small place in my heart 
4	Diggs and Lathan be among the chief reason Brown Sugar be such a sweet and sexy film . 
3	a wonderfully warm human drama that remain vividly in memory long after view 
2	about the hard-partying 
2	But the execution be a flop with the exception of about six gag that really work . 
3	A sharp , amuse study of the cult of celebrity . 
3	This humble little film , fuel by the light comedic work of Zhao Benshan and the delicate way of Dong Jie , be just the sort for those moviegoer who complain that ` they do n't make movie like they use to anymore . ' 
4	More than their unique residence , Home Movie be about the people who live in them , who have carve their own comfortable niche in the world and have be kind enough to share it . 
1	No surprise . 
2	It be so earnest , so overwrought and so wildly implausible that it beg to be parody . 
4	The film be enrich by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirit , head by Christopher Plummer a the subtlest and most complexly evil Uncle Ralph I 've ever see in the many film and stage adaptation of the work . 
0	The problem be the needlessly poor quality of it archival print and film footage . 
2	Fulfills the minimum requirement of Disney animation . 
0	With jump cut , fast editing and lot of pyrotechnic , Yu clearly hop to camouflage how bad his movie be . 
3	-LRB- While The Last Metro -RRB- be more melodramatic , confine to a single theater company and it strategy and deception , while Tavernier be more concerned with the entire period of history . 
2	Both the crime story and the love story be unusual . 
2	Every five minute or so , someone get clock . 
2	Well , it 's not as pathetic a The Animal . 
4	Combines sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and genuine heart to create a film that 's not merely about kick undead \*\*\* , but also about deal with regret and , ultimately , find redemption . 
3	Moretti ... be the rare common-man artist who 's wise enough to recognize that there be few thing in this world more complex -- and , a it turn out , more fragile -- than happiness . 
2	Routine and rather silly . 
1	` God help u , but Capra and Cooper be roll over in their graf . ' 
2	He get his secretary to fax it . '' 
4	Begins like a docu-drama but build it multi-character story with a flourish . 
3	Playing a role of almost Bergmanesque intensity ... Bisset be both convince and radiant . 
1	If there be ever a movie where the upbeat end feel like a copout , this be the one . 
4	There 's none of the happily-ever - after spangle of Monsoon Wedding in Late Marriage -- and that 's part of what make Dover Kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent . 
0	As pure over-the-top trash , any John Waters movie have it beat by a country mile . 
4	-LRB- Reynolds -RRB- take a classic story , cast attractive and talented actor and use a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that be wickedly fun to watch . 
4	A time machine , a journey back to your childhood , when care melt away in the dark theater , and film have the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain . 
0	I hate the feeling of have be slim in the name of High Art . 
0	The catch be that they 're stick with a script that prevent them from fire on all cylinder . 
2	The image be usually abbreviate in favor of mushy obviousness and telegraph pathos , particularly where Whitaker 's misfit artist be concern . 
2	Just entertain enough not to hate , too mediocre to love . 
0	A movie more to be prescribe than recommend -- a visually bland a a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothe Muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythm . 
3	Takes a fresh and absorb look at a figure whose legacy have begin to bronze . 
3	The film do give a pretty good overall picture of the situation in Laramie follow the murder of Matthew Shepard . 
2	At time THE GUYS tap into some powerful emotion , but this kind of material be more effective on stage . 
2	It 's a documentary that say that the alternate sexuality mean to set you free may require so much relationship maintenance that celibacy can start look good . 
3	For those in search of something different , Wendigo be a genuinely bone-chilling tale . 
3	A rivet profile of law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey into an urban Hades . 
0	The movie slide downhill as soon a macho action convention assert themselves . 
3	Peter Jackson have do the nearly impossible . 
2	With it jerky hand-held camera and documentary feel , Bloody Sunday be a sobering recount of a very bleak day in Derry . 
1	These character become wearisome . 
2	Earnest but heavy-handed . 
3	Until it go off the rail in it final 10 or 15 minute , Wendigo , Larry Fessenden 's spooky new thriller , be a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several theme derive from far less sophisticated and know horror film . 
1	-LRB- Moore 's -RRB- well at finger problem than find solution . 
1	But for the most part , The Weight of Water come off a a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stall in it lackluster gear of emotional blandness . 
3	Heartwarming and gently comic even a the film break your heart . 
4	The fluid motion be astound on any number of level 
0	Despite terrific special effect and funny gag , Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets find a way to make J.K. Rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore . 
3	May be more genial than ingenious , but it get the job do . 
0	be a mess . 
1	The only type of life this glossy comedy-drama resembles be one in formulaic mainstream movie . 
3	Surprisingly , the film be a hilarious adventure and I shamelessly enjoy it . 
1	A clumsily manufacture exploitation flick , a style-free exercise in manipulation and mayhem . 
3	Never let go your emotion , take them to surprising high , sorrowful low and hidden impulsive niche ... gorgeous , passionate , and at time uncommonly move . 
3	Tsai have a well-deserved reputation a one of the cinema world 's great visual stylist , and in this film , every shot enhance the excellent performance . 
1	Just consider what New Best Friend do not have , begin with the minor omission of a screenplay . 
3	Munch 's screenplay be tenderly observant of his character . 
2	In the long , dishonorable history of quickie teen-pop exploitation , Like Mike stand out for it only partly synthetic decency . 
0	There 's no energy . 
1	Lacking substance and soul , Crossroads come up short than Britney 's cutoff . 
2	So unique and stubborn and charismatic that you want it to be good and more successful than it be . 
2	I 'm not say that Ice Age do n't have some fairly pretty picture , but there 's not enough substance in the story to actually give them life . 
1	You do n't know whether to admire the film 's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperate by a noticeable lack of pace . 
4	Without resort to camp or parody , Haynes -LRB- like Sirk , but differently -RRB- have transform the rhetoric of Hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange . 
3	There 's a lot to recommend Read My Lips . 
2	It say a lot about a filmmaker when he can be wacky without clobber the audience over the head and still maintain a sense of urgency and suspense . 
2	This Scarlet 's letter be A. . . 
2	I prefer Soderbergh 's concentration on his two lover over Tarkovsky 's mostly male , mostly patriarchal debate society . 
4	A compassionate , move portrait of an American -LRB- and an America -RRB- always reach for something just outside his grasp . 
2	Bella be the picture of health with boundless energy until a few day before she die . 
3	A charming but slight comedy . 
0	... post-September 11 , `` The Sum Of All Fears '' seem more tacky and reprehensible , manipulate our collective fear without bestow the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserve . 
1	A hit - and-miss affair , consistently amuse but not a outrageous or funny a Cho may have intend or as imaginative a one might have hop . 
2	The setting be so cool that it chill the character , reduce our emotional stake in the outcome of `` Intacto 's '' dangerous and seductively stylish game . 
3	If you think it 's a riot to see Rob Schneider in a young woman 's clothes , then you 'll enjoy The Hot Chick . 
3	Ice Age wo n't drop your jaw , but it will warm your heart , and I 'm give it a strong thumb up . 
0	Beneath the uncanny , inevitable and seemingly shrewd facade of movie-biz farce ... lie a plot cobble together from largely flat and uncreative moment . 
2	Slow , silly and unintentionally hilarious . 
3	Imamura have say that Warm Water Under a Red Bridge be a poem to the endure strength of woman . 
4	Thanks to a small star with big heart , this family film sequel be plenty of fun for all . 
3	What make the film special be the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm that the people , in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship , bring to their music . 
1	The story the movie tell be of Brian De Palma 's addiction to the junk-calorie suspense trope that have all but ruin his career . 
4	But the nerve-raked acting , the crackle of line , the impressive staging of hardware , make for some robust and scary entertainment . 
0	a terrible adaptation of a play that only ever walk the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome . 
1	Even accept this in the right frame of mind can only provide it with so much leniency . 
3	A hypnotic cyber hymn and a cruel story of youth culture . 
0	What sour me on The Santa Clause 2 be that Santa bump up against 21st century reality so hard , it 's icky . 
1	Often linger just as long on the irrelevant a on the engaging , which gradually turn What Time Is It There ? 
3	Superb production value & Christian Bale 's charisma make up for a derivative plot . 
3	Happy Times maintain an appeal veneer without become too cute about it . 
1	As a story of dramatic enlightenment , the screenplay by Billy Ray and Terry George leave something to be desire . 
0	A bad movie that happen to good actor . 
0	It 's a bad sign when you 're root for the film to hurry up and get to it subject ' death just so the documentary will be over , but it 's indicative of how uncompelling the movie be unless it happen to cover your particular area of interest . 
3	Confessions may not be a straightforward bio , nor do it offer much in the way of Barris ' motivation , but the film be an oddly fascinating depiction of an architect of pop culture . 
0	The acting be amateurish , the cinematography be atrocious , the direction be clumsy , the writing be insipid and the violence be at once luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing . 
2	Sean Penn , you owe Nicolas Cage an apology . 
4	There be a real subject here , and it be handle with intelligence and care . 
0	Sade achieve the near-impossible : It turn the Marquis de Sade into a dullard . 
1	My advice be to skip the film and pick up the soundtrack . 
4	So beautifully acted and direct , it 's clear that Washington most certainly have a new career ahead of him if he so choose . 
4	Lovingly photograph in the manner of a Golden Book sprung to life , Stuart Little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness . 
1	be the kind of movie that 's critic-proof , simply because it aim so low . 
1	If I want music , I 'll buy the soundtrack . 
4	A delightful entree in the tradition of food movie . 
3	Spare but quietly effective retelling . 
2	Despite a performance of sustained intelligence from Stanford and another of subtle humour from Bebe Neuwirth , a an old woman who seduce Oscar , the film founder on it lack of empathy for the social milieu - rich New York intelligentsia - and it off 
2	Though it flirt with bathos and pathos and the further Oprahfication of the world a we know it , it still cut all the way down to break bone . 
0	This be one baaaaaaaaad movie . 
3	a delightful romantic comedy with plenty of bite . 
3	It must be the end of the world : the best film so far this year be a franchise sequel star Wesley Snipes . 
3	What -LRB- Denis -RRB- accomplishes in his chilling , unnerving film be a double portrait of two young woman whose life be a claustrophic , suffocate and chilly a the attic to which they be inevitably consign . 
3	It be about irrational , unexplainable life and it seem so real because it do not attempt to filter out the complexity . 
4	The writing be clever and the cast be appeal . 
2	Davis the performer be plenty fetch enough , but she need to shake up the mix , and work in something that do n't feel like a half-baked stand-up routine . 
3	Certainly the big finish be n't something Galinsky and Hawley could have plan for ... but part of be a good documentarian be be there when the rope snap . 
1	While easy to sit through than most of Jaglom 's self-conscious and gratingly irritating film , it 's still taint by cliche , painful improbability and murky point . 
3	Poignant if familiar story of a young person suspend between two culture . 
1	Despite some comic spark , Welcome to Collinwood never catch fire . 
2	Even more baffling be that it 's funny . 
3	An old-fashioned but emotionally stirring adventure tale of the kind they rarely make anymore . 
4	Not many movie have that kind of impact on me these day . 
3	There 's a spontaneity to The Chateau , a sense of light-heartedness , that make it attractive throughout . 
3	A very capable nailbiter . 
3	It 's not just a feel-good movie , it 's a feel movie . 
2	The sound of GUNFIRE and cell phone RINGING . 
0	But one thing 's for sure : It never come close to be either funny or scary . 
2	Soderbergh seem capable only of deliver artfully light , earnest inquiry that lack the kind of genuine depth that would make them redeemable . 
1	It have more in common with a firework display than a movie , which normally be expect to have character and a storyline . 
0	Co-writer\/director Jonathan Parker 's attempt to fashion a Brazil-like , hyper-real satire fall dreadfully short . 
1	Novak contemplate a heartland so overwhelmed by it lack of purpose that it seek excitement in manufactured high drama . 
1	Blue Crush be so prolonged and bore it be n't even close to be the barn-burningly bad movie it promise it would be . 
0	Viewers will need all the luck they can muster just figure out who 's who in this pretentious mess . 
1	Like an Afterschool Special with costume by Gianni Versace , Mad Love look good than it feel . 
1	The basic premise be intrigue but quickly become distasteful and downright creepy . 
1	The mystery of Enigma be how a rich historical subject , combine with so much first-rate talent ... could have yield such a flat , plodding picture . 
0	It could have be something special , but two thing drag it down to mediocrity -- director Clare Peploe 's misunderstanding of Marivaux 's rhythm , and Mira Sorvino 's limitation a a classical actress . 
3	Steadfastly uncinematic but powerfully dramatic . 
2	At once emotional and richly analytical , the Cosby-Seinfeld encounter alone confirm the serious weight behind this superficially loose , larky documentary . 
0	A summary of the plot do n't quite do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that come through all too painfully in the execution . 
0	Big Fat Liar be little more than Home Alone raise to a new , self-deprecating level . 
4	Young Everlyn Sampi , a the courageous Molly Craig , simply radiate star-power potential in this remarkable and memorable film . 
1	... the story simply putter along look for astute observation and come up blank . 
4	It be also beautifully act . 
1	Incoherence reign . 
4	The wanton slipperiness of \* Corpus and it amiable jerking and reshaping of physical time and space would make it a great piece to watch with kid and use to introduce video a art . 
1	77 minute of Pokemon may not last 4ever , it just seem like it do . 
4	a joyous occasion 
3	more precious than perspicacious 
1	-LRB- T -RRB- he script be n't up to the level of the direction , nor be the uneven performance by the cast member , who seem bind and determine to duplicate Bela Lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent . 
3	Its cast full of caffeinated comedy performance more than make up for it logical loophole , which fly by so fast there 's no time to think about them anyway . 
1	A sluggish pace and lack of genuine narrative hem the movie in every bit as much a life hem in the spirit of these young woman . 
1	The Chateau have one very funny joke and a few other decent one , but all it amount to be a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film . 
2	This harrow journey into combat hell vividly capture the chaotic insanity and personal tragedy that be all too abundant when human hatred spews forth unchecked . 
2	While Holm be terrific a both men and Hjejle quite appeal , the film fail to make the most out of the intriguing premise . 
4	That rare documentary that incorporate so much of human experience -- drama , conflict , tear and surprise -- that it transcend the normal division between fiction and nonfiction film . 
4	A refreshing change from the usual whoopee-cushion effort aim at the youth market . 
4	A compelling motion picture that illustrate an American tragedy . 
4	At once disarmingly straightforward and strikingly devious . 
0	Much like it easily dismissive take on the upscale lifestyle , there be n't much there here . 
2	Robin Williams depart from his fun friendly demeanor in exchange for a darker unnerving role . 
1	This may be the first cartoon ever to look a if it be be show on the projection television screen of a sport bar . 
2	For a film that celebrate radical , nonconformist value , What to Do in Case of Fire ? 
3	The film grow on you . 
1	Imperfect ? 
1	Allegiance to Chekhov , which director Michael Cacoyannis display with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of The Cherry Orchard , be a particularly vexing handicap . 
4	On that score , the film certainly do n't disappoint . 
3	Angela Gheorghiu a famous prima donna Floria Tosca , Roberto Alagna a her lover Mario Cavaradossi , and Ruggero a the villainous , lecherous police chief Scarpia , all sing beautifully and act adequately . 
1	Has a customarily jovial air but a deficit of flim-flam inventiveness . 
3	Fessenden continue to do interesting work , and it would be nice to see what he could make with a decent budget . 
3	Elegant , mannered and tease . 
4	Foster and Whitaker be especially fine . 
0	I do n't blame Eddie Murphy but should n't Owen Wilson know a movie must have a story and a script ? 
3	It 's a boring movie about a boring man , make watchable by a bravura performance from a consummate actor incapable of be boring . 
4	... a gleefully grungy , hilariously wicked black comedy ... 
3	... manages to deliver a fair bit of vampire fun . 
1	Nothing wrong with performance here , but the whiney character bug me . 
3	This kind of hands-on storytelling be ultimately what make Shanghai Ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook and what allow it to rank with it worthy predecessor . 
3	If villainous vampire be your cup of blood , Blade 2 be definitely a cut above the rest . 
2	It provide a grim , upsetting glimpse at the life of some of the 1.2 million Palestinians who live in the crowded city and refugee camp of Gaza . 
3	Still , the updated Dickensian sensibility of writer Craig Bartlett 's story be appeal . 
3	You 'd have to be a most hard-hearted person not to be move by this drama . 
1	The re - enactment , however fascinate they may be a history , be too crude to serve the work especially well . 
3	It also show how deeply felt emotion can draw people together across the wall that might otherwise separate them . 
2	The entire movie have a truncate feeling , but what 's available be lovely and lovable . 
0	It 's also curious to note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed Antitrust , be easily a bad at a fraction the budget . 
1	Shows moment of promise but ultimately succumbs to cliche and pat storytelling . 
3	It might be ` easy ' to watch on video at home , but that should n't stop die-hard French film connoisseur from go out and enjoy the big-screen experience . 
2	With it paint fight , motorize scooter chase and dewy-eyed sentiment 
4	Enticing and often funny documentary . 
3	Though it story be only surface deep , the visuals and envelop sound of Blue Crush make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime look-see . 
2	Here 's my advice , Kev . 
3	Like all of Egoyan 's work , Ararat be fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious . 
4	The 3-D vista from orbit , with the space station suspend like a huge set of wind chime over the great blue globe , be stanza of breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry . 
0	turn a potentially interesting idea into an excruciating film school experience that play good only for the film 's publicist or for people who take a many drug a the film 's character 
4	Arliss Howard 's ambitious , move , and adventurous directorial debut , Big Bad Love , meet so many of the challenge it pose for itself that one can forgive the film it flaw . 
2	But , no , we get another scene , and then another . 
0	Seagal run out of movie year ago , and this be just the proof . 
4	There be no substitute for on-screen chemistry , and when Friel pull the string that make Williams sink into melancholia , the reaction in Williams be as visceral a a gut punch . 
2	-LRB- Javier Bardem be -RRB- one of the few reason to watch the film , which director Gerardo Vera have drench in swoony music and fever-pitched melodrama . 
2	Occasionally interesting but essentially unpersuasive , a footnote to a still evolve story . 
1	The script ? 
1	No cliche escape the perfervid treatment of gang warfare call ce Wild . 
0	The movie be so resolutely cobble together out of old movie that it even use a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seem obligatory . 
1	A few hour after you 've see it , you forget you 've be to the movie . 
4	... with the gift Pearce on hand to keep thing on semi-stable ground dramatically , this retooled Machine be ultimately effective enough at achieve the modest , crowd-pleasing goal it set for itself . 
3	Oh , James ! 
1	The picture seem uncertain whether it want to be an acidic all-male All About Eve or a lush , swoon melodrama in the Intermezzo strain . 
4	The cast be phenomenal , especially the woman . 
2	The movie be our story as much a it be Schmidt 's , no matter if it 's view a a self-reflection or cautionary tale . 
1	The movie weigh no more than a glass of flat champagne . 
1	Too silly to take seriously . 
3	It be also a testament to the integrity and vision of the band . 
3	Frequent flurry of creative belly laugh and genuinely enthusiastic performance ... keep the movie slalom through it hackneyed element with enjoyable ease . 
0	It 's also not smart or barb enough for old viewer -- not everyone think poo-poo joke be ` edgy . ' 
0	There be many definition of ` time waster ' but this movie must surely be one of them . 
0	once she let her love deprave lead meet , -LRB- Denis ' -RRB- story become a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle 
1	It 's like an all-star salute to Disney 's cheesy commercialism . 
3	Gooding be the energetic frontman , and it 's hard to resist his enthusiasm , even if the filmmaker come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequence . 
2	The path Ice Age follow most closely , though , be the one establish by Warner Bros. giant Chuck Jones , who die a matter of week before the movie 's release . 
1	It 's sweet and fluffy at the time , but it may leave you feel a little sticky and unsatisfied . 
4	With few respite , Marshall keep the energy humming , and his edits , unlike those in Moulin Rouge , be crisp and purposeful without overdo it . 
2	... be there a deep , more direct connection between these woman , one that span time and reveals mean ? 
4	The most ingenious film comedy since Being John Malkovich . 
1	The setting turn out to be more interesting than any of the character drama , which never reach satisfy conclusion . 
3	An engross portrait of uncompromising artist try to create something original against the backdrop of a corporate music industry that only seem to care about the bottom line . 
3	A smart and funny , albeit sometimes superficial , cautionary tale of a technology in search of an artist . 
4	-LRB- Fiji diver Rusi Vulakoro and the married couple Howard and Michelle Hall -RRB- show u the world they love and make u love it , too . 
0	This would-be ` James Bond for the Extreme Generation ' pic be one big , dumb action movie . 
2	We have an actor who be great fun to watch performing in a film that be only mildly divert . 
0	The directing and story be disjoint , flaw that have to be lay squarely on Taylor 's doorstep . 
2	If you 're not totally weirded - out by the notion of cinema a community-therapy spectacle , Quitting hit home with disorient force . 
0	Imagine -LRB- if possible -RRB- a Pasolini film without passion or politics , or an Almodovar movie without beauty or humor , and you have some idea of the glum , numb experience of watch O Fantasma . 
1	Did we really need a remake of `` Charade ? '' 
4	Exciting documentary . 
3	As comedic spotlight go , Notorious C.H.O . hit all the verbal mark it should . 
2	Blade II be as estrogen-free a movie get , so you might want to leave your date behind for this one , or she 's gon na make you feel like you owe her big-time . 
2	What make the movie work -- to an admittedly limited extent -- be the commitment of two genuinely engage performer . 
1	And neither do cliche , no matter how ` inside ' they be . 
2	In it own way 
0	The movie be virtually without context -- journalistic or historical . 
3	If it 's not entirely memorable , the movie be certainly easy to watch . 
1	An odd , haphazard , and inconsequential romantic comedy . 
1	Too much of Nemesis have a tire , talky feel . 
1	How many more time will indie filmmaker subject u to bore , self-important story of how horrible we be to ourselves and each other ? 
1	While the transgressive trapping -LRB- especially the frank sex scene -RRB- ensure that the film be never dull , Rodrigues 's beast-within metaphor be ultimately rather silly and overwrought , make the ambiguous end seem goofy rather than provocative . 
1	An awkward hybrid of genre that just do n't work . 
4	Beautifully craft and brutally honest , Promises offer an unexpected window into the complexity of the Middle East struggle and into the humanity of it people . 
3	In Auteil 's less dramatic but equally incisive performance , he 's a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer . 
4	Marvelously entertaining and deliriously joyous documentary . 
3	It 's a square , sentimental drama that satisfies , a comfort food often can . 
2	If Sinise 's character have a brain his ordeal would be over in five minute but instead the plot go out of it way to introduce obstacle for him to stumble over . 
0	Sluggish , tonally uneven . 
2	The film affords u intrigue glimpse of the insight glean from a lifetime of spiritual inquiry , but Ram Dass : Fierce Grace do n't organize it with any particular insight . 
3	The story be a rather simplistic one : grief drive her , love drive him , and a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place - it strike a chord in me . 
3	A bit of a downer and a little over-dramatic at time , but this be a beautiful film for people who like their romance to have that French realism . 
1	A big meal of cliche that the talented cast generally choke on . 
1	entertain enough , but nothing new 
4	Beautifully shot , delicately score and power by a set of heartfelt performance , it 's a lyrical endeavour . 
4	Hartley add enough quirky and satirical touch in the screenplay to keep the film entertaining . 
3	Something for everyone . 
0	The problem be that for the most part , the film be deadly dull . 
4	A fine , rouse , G-rated family film , aim mainly at little kid but with plenty of entertainment value to keep grown-ups from squirm in their seat . 
4	Fifty year after the fact , the world 's political situation seem little different , and -LRB- director Phillip -RRB- Noyce bring out the allegory with remarkable skill . 
4	Australian filmmaker David Flatman use the huge-screen format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educate viewer with word and picture while entertain them . 
1	Thoroughly engross and ultimately tragic . 
4	... a spoof comedy that carry it share of laugh -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh . 
1	Has all the complexity and realistic human behavior of an episode of General Hospital . 
3	Eight Legged Freaks be clever and funny , be amuse by it special effect , and leave you feel like you 've see a movie instead of an endless trailer . 
2	Sitting through the last reel -LRB- spoiler alert ! -RRB- 
4	A small gem from Belgium . 
4	Hugh Grant , who have a good line in charm , have never be more charming than in About a Boy . 
0	In addition to sport one of the bad title in recent cinematic history , Ballistic : Ecks Vs . Sever also feature terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial character and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase . 
3	For proof of that on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that Spielberg call , retrospectively , his most personal work yet . 
1	Carrying this wafer-thin movie on his nimble shoulder , Chan wad through putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that say , ` If I stay positive , maybe I can channel one of my great picture , Drunken Master . ' 
3	Skins have a desolate air , but Eyre , a Native American raise by white parent , manage to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flash of warmth and gentle humor . 
2	The bland outweigh the nifty , and Cletis Tout never become the clever crime comedy it think it be . 
2	While Hoffman 's performance be great , the subject matter go nowhere . 
1	It 's impossible to indulge the fanciful daydream of Janice Beard -LRB- Eileen Walsh -RRB- when her real-life persona be so charmless and vacant . 
3	Otto-Sallies have a real filmmaker 's eye . 
3	An incredibly thoughtful , deeply meditative picture that neatly and effectively capture the debilitating grief felt in the immediate aftermath of the terrorist attack . 
4	A jaw-droppingly beautiful work 
1	A supernatural mystery that do n't know whether it want to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama . 
4	There 's no denying that Burns be a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him . 
0	A movie version of a paint-by-numbers picture . 
4	An effortlessly accomplish and richly resonant work . 
4	This be a movie you can trust . 
3	Trapped wo n't score point for political correctness , but it may cause parent a few sleepless hour -- a sign of it effectiveness . 
3	` Blue Crush ' swim away with the Sleeper Movie of the Summer award . 
3	-LRB- `` Safe Conduct '' -RRB- be a long movie at 163 minute but it fill the time with drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisan and sabotage . 
2	Not bad , but not all that good . 
3	Expands the limit of what a film can be , take u into the life of woman to whom we might not give a second look if we pass them on the street . 
2	Triumph of Love be a very silly movie , but the silliness have a pedigree . 
3	For all it problem ... The Lady and the Duke surprisingly manage never to grow boring ... which prove that Rohmer still have a sense of his audience . 
3	The campy result make Mel Brooks ' Borscht Belt schtick look sophisticated . 
3	Clint Eastwood 's Blood Work be a lot like a well-made PB & J sandwich : familiar , fairly uneventful and boast no real surprise -- but still quite tasty and invite all the same . 
3	Bravado Kathy ! 
4	About Schmidt be undoubtedly one of the fine film of the year . 
4	A powerful , chilling , and affect study of one man 's die fall . 
3	There be no deny the power of Polanski 's film ... 
2	Except for Paymer a the bos who ultimately express empathy for Bartleby 's pain , the performance be so stylized a to be drain of human emotion . 
1	Absolutely not . 
1	The film be an earnest try at beachcombing verismo , but it would be even more indistinct than it be be it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of Ms. Ambrose . 
1	The movie , like Bartleby , be something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seem twice as long a it 83 minute . 
2	In the end , though , it be only mildly amuse when it could have be so much more . 
3	It 's a very tasteful rock and roll movie . 
3	Spielberg have manage to marry science fiction with film noir and action flick with philosophical inquiry . 
4	Although What Time offer Tsai 's usual style and theme , it have a more colorful , more playful tone than his other film . 
3	It 's a diverting enough hour-and-a-half for the family audience . 
1	High Crimes carry almost no organic intrigue a a government \/ Marine\/legal mystery , and that 's because the movie serve up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally , a the old-hat province of male intrigue . 
3	Anybody who enjoy quirky , fun , popcorn movie with a touch of silliness and a little bloodshed . 
1	A waste of fearless purity in the acting craft . 
1	The ethos of the Chelsea Hotel may shape Hawke 's artistic aspiration , but he have n't yet coordinate his own DV poetry with the Beat he hear in his soul . 
1	With a tight editorial process and firm direction this material could work , especially since the actress in the lead role be all more than competent , but a be , Personal Velocity seem to be idle in neutral . 
3	A bold -LRB- and lovely -RRB- experiment that will almost certainly bore most audience into their own brightly color dream . 
2	As spent screen series go , Star Trek : Nemesis be even more suggestive of a 65th class reunion mixer where only eight survive member show up -- and there 's nothing to drink . 
2	Not a bad premise , but the execution be lackluster at best . 
2	... the same tired old gag , modernize for the extreme sport generation . 
2	Abderrahmane Sissako 's Heremakono -LRB- Waiting for Happiness -RRB- be an elegiac portrait of a transit city on the West African coast struggle against foreign influence . 
2	There be far bad message to teach a young audience , which will probably be perfectly happy with the sloppy slapstick comedy . 
2	It may sound like a mere disease-of - the-week TV movie , but A Song For Martin be make infinitely more wrenching by the performance of real-life spouse Seldahl and Wollter . 
1	Resurrection have the dubious distinction of be a really bad imitation of the really bad Blair Witch Project . 
0	A very depressing movie of many missed opportunity . 
0	This be a fragmented film , once a good idea that be follow by the bad idea to turn it into a movie . 
0	A stupid , derivative horror film that substitute extreme gore for suspense . 
4	In XXX , Diesel be that rare creature -- an action hero with table manner , and one who prove that elegance be more than tattoo deep . 
2	The funny thing be , I do n't mind all this contrive nonsense a bit . 
3	The charm of Revolution OS be rather the way it introduce you to new , fervently hold idea and fanciful thinker . 
1	With or without ballast tank , K-19 sink to a Harrison Ford low . 
2	-LRB- Screenwriter -RRB- Pimental take the Farrelly Brothers comedy and feminize it , but it be a rather poor imitation . 
3	A surprisingly sweet and gentle comedy . 
2	While kid will probably eat the whole thing up , most adult will be way ahead of the plot . 
3	Predictable and cloying , though Brown Sugar be so earnest in it yearning for the day before rap go nihilistic that it summon more spirit and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle . 
4	It 's about individual moment of mood , and an aimlessness that 's actually sort of amazing . 
2	Hollywood 's answer to an air ball . 
4	It 's a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy of a couple hour of summertime and a bucket of popcorn . 
4	A sensitive , cultivated treatment of Greene 's work as well a a remarkably faithful one . 
4	A stylish thriller . 
4	For those who pride themselves on sophisticated , discern taste , this might not seem like the proper cup of tea , however it be almost guarantee that even the stuffy cinema goer will laugh their \*\*\* off for an hour-and-a-half . 
3	As refreshing a a drink from a woodland stream . 
0	But the movie that do n't really deliver for country music fan or for family audience 
3	Alternates between deadpan comedy and heartbreaking loneliness and be n't afraid to provoke introspection in both it character and it audience . 
3	Unfolds in a low-key , organic way that encourage you to accept it a life and go with it flow . 
2	Brown 's saga , like many before his , make for snappy prose but a stumblebum of a movie . 
2	A perfectly competent and often imaginative film that lack what little Lilo & Stitch have in spade -- charisma . 
4	The one-liner be snappy , the situation volatile and the comic opportunity richly reward . 
2	This be a picture that Maik , the firebrand turn savvy ad man , would be envious of : it hijack the heat of revolution and turn it into a sale tool . 
3	The charm of the first movie be still there , and the story feel like the logical , unforced continuation of the career of a pair of spy kid . 
2	Whatever about warn kid about the danger of ouija board , someone should dispense the same advice to film director . 
1	-LRB- Siegel -RRB- and co-writers Lisa Bazadona and Grace Woodard have rely too much on convention in create the character who surround Frankie . 
2	What Bloody Sunday lack in clarity , it make up for with a great , fiery passion . 
1	Supposedly , Pokemon ca n't be kill , but Pokemon 4Ever practically assure that the pocket monster movie franchise be nearly ready to keel over . 
3	Allen 's underestimated charm delivers more goody than lump of coal . 
3	The hook be the drama within the drama , a an unsolved murder and an unresolved moral conflict jockey for the spotlight . 
4	I think the relationship be wonderful , the comedy be funny , and the love ` real ' . 
3	There be moment of hilarity to be have . 
1	One problem with the movie , direct by Joel Schumacher , be that it jam too many prefabricated story element into the running time . 
1	It 's one long bore . 
1	In spite of feature a script credit to no few than five writer , apparently nobody here bother to check it twice . 
1	The scriptwriter be no less a menace to society than the film 's character . 
1	Like Mike be a slight and uninventive movie : Like the exalted Michael Jordan refer to in the title , many can aspire but none can equal . 
4	The most wondrous love story in year , it be a great film . 
1	A prison comedy that never really bust out of it comfy little cell . 
1	Writer-director Randall Wallace have bite off more than he or anyone else could chew , and his movie veers like a drunken driver through heavy traffic . 
3	Contrived a this may sound , Mr. Rose 's updating work surprisingly well . 
0	If it be any more of a turkey , it would gobble in Dolby Digital stereo . 
3	A culture-clash comedy that , in addition to be very funny , capture some of the discomfort and embarrassment of be a bumbling American in Europe . 
1	Even if it be generally amuse from time to time , I Spy have all the same problem the majority of action comedy have . 
1	What the audience feel be exhaustion , from watch a movie that be dark -LRB- dark green , to be exact -RRB- , sour , bloody and mean . 
0	On a cutting room floor somewhere lie ... footage that might have make No Such Thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire . 
2	Colorful and deceptively buoyant until it suddenly pull the rug out from under you , Burkinabe filmmaker Dani Kouyate 's reworking of a folk story whose root go back to 7th-century oral tradition be also a pointed political allegory . 
4	Arteta direct one of the best ensemble cast of the year 
1	Nothing happens , and it happen to flat character . 
3	Lee 's achievement extend to his supple understanding of the role that Brown play in American culture a an athlete , a movie star , and an image of black indomitability . 
3	This rush to profit have create a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for it overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create image you wish you have n't see , which , in this day and age , be of course the point . 
3	It be an unstinting look at a collaboration between damage people that may or may not qual 
1	The milieu be wholly unconvincing ... and the histrionics reach a truly annoying pitch . 
2	Every potential twist be telegraph well in advance , every performance respectably mute ; the movie itself seem to have be make under the influence of Rohypnol . 
2	` Men in Black II create a new threat for the MIB , but recycle the same premise . 
3	A bracing , unblinking work that serve a a painful elegy and sober cautionary tale . 
4	Pacino be the best he 's be in year and Keener be marvelous . 
0	An awkwardly garish showcase that diverge from anything remotely probe or penetrate . 
4	His work with actor be particularly impressive . 
1	... while Dark Water be n't a complete wash -LRB- no pun intend -RRB- , watch side-by-side with Ringu , it ultimately come off a a pale successor . 
0	... bibbidy-bobbidi-bland . 
3	It 's light on the chill and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness , and there be moment of jaw-droppingly odd behavior -- yet I find it weirdly appeal . 
1	They keep much of the plot but jettison the stuff that would make this a move experience for people who have n't read the book . 
3	Oh , and more entertaining , too . 
0	This little film be so slovenly do , so primitive in technique , that it ca n't really be call animation . 
1	the film never rise above a conventional , two dimension tale 
1	The audience when I saw this one be chuckle at all the wrong time , and that 's a bad sign when they 're suppose to be have a collective heart attack . 
3	This be historical filmmaking without the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative . 
2	Sayles be make a statement about the inability of dream and aspiration to carry forward into the next generation . 
0	Extremely bad . 
0	The somber pacing and lack of dramatic firework make Green Dragon seem more like medicine than entertainment . 
3	Handsome and sophisticated approach to the workplace romantic comedy . 
4	A moving and solidly entertaining comedy\/drama that should bolster director and co-writer 
2	More of a career curio than a major work . 
1	A rude black comedy about the catalytic effect a holy fool have upon those around him in the cutthroat world of child 's television . 
2	It 's obvious -LRB- Je-Gyu be -RRB- try for poetry ; what he get instead have all the lyricism of a limerick scrawl in a public restroom . 
0	The movie 's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- be trite , but the screenwriter and director Michel Gondry restate it to the point of ridiculousness . 
0	Ringu be a disaster of a story , full of hole and completely lack in chill . 
0	Hopelessly inane , humorless and under-inspired . 
3	A high-spirited buddy movie about the reunion of Berlin anarchist who face arrest 15 year after their crime . 
1	The thing about guy like Evans be this : You 're never quite sure where self-promotion end and the truth begin . 
2	They be right . 
0	a huge disappointment come , a it do , from filmmaker and performer of this calibre 
0	A banal , virulently unpleasant excuse for a romantic comedy . 
0	Humorless , self-conscious art drivel , make without a glimmer of intelligence or invention . 
1	It 's rare that a movie can be as intelligent a this one be in every regard except it storyline ; everything that 's good be ultimately scuttle by a plot that 's just too boring and obvious . 
2	Peralta 's mythmaking could have use some informed , adult hindsight . 
1	Meyjes 's movie , like Max Rothman 's future , do not work . 
0	All comedy be subversive , but this unrelenting bleak insistence on opt out of any opportunity for find meaning in relationship or work just becomes sad . 
1	Technically and artistically inept . 
1	An average B-movie with no aspiration to be anything more . 
4	If you ever want to be an astronaut , this be the ultimate movie experience - it 's informative and breathtakingly spectacular . 
0	It 's a loathsome movie , it really be and it make absolutely no sense . 
4	The movie 's captivating detail be all in the performance , from Foreman 's barking-mad Taylor to Thewlis 's smoothly sinister Freddie and Bettany\/McDowell 's hard-eyed gangster . 
2	This be mild-mannered , been-there material give a pedestrian spin by a director who need a touch of the flamboyant , the outrageous . 
4	Smart and taut . 
3	Matters play out realistically if not always fairly . 
3	Giggling at the absurdity and inconsistency be part of the fun . 
2	Hope keep arise that the movie will live up to the apparent skill of it maker and the talent of it actor , but it do n't . 
3	Symbolically , Warm Water Under a Red Bridge be a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of woman to heal . 
3	It use some of the figure from the real-life story to portray themselves in the film . 
1	What might have be readily dismiss a the tiresome rant of an age filmmaker still thumb his nose at convention take a surprising , subtle turn at the midway point . 
4	Cusack 's just brilliant in this . 
1	It 's an odd show , pregnant with mood , stillborn except a a harsh conceptual exercise . 
1	A dark-as-pitch comedy that frequently veer into corny sentimentality , probably would not improve much after a therapeutic zap of shock treatment . 
3	Even the digression be funny . 
3	This submarine drama earn the right to be favorably compare to Das Boot . 
4	What 's so fun about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller be the director 's talent . 
1	... the cast portray their cartoon counterpart well ... but quite frankly , Scoob and Shag do n't eat enough during the film . ' 
3	There be a subversive element to this Disney cartoon , provide unexpected fizzability . 
2	I know we 're not suppose to take it seriously , but I ca n't shake the thought that Undercover Brother miss an opportunity to strongly present some profound social commentary . 
3	As a good old-fashioned adventure for kid , Spirit : Stallion of the Cimarron be a winner . 
0	Even if you 're an Elvis person , you wo n't find anything to get excite about on this DVD . 
3	A journey span nearly three decade of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what make Holly and Marina tick , and our heart go out to them a both continue to negotiate their imperfect , love-hate relationship . 
0	Lacks the spirit of the previous two , and make all those joke about ho and even more unmentionable subject seem like mere splash around in the muck . 
3	The work of an artist torment by his heritage , use his storytelling ability to honor the many faceless victim . 
1	Resident Evil be n't a product of it cinematic predecessor so much a an MTV , sugar hysteria , and PlayStation cocktail . 
1	Too stagey , talky -- and long -- for it own good . 
4	The gorgeously elaborate continuation of `` The Lord of the Rings '' trilogy be so huge that a column of word can not adequately describe co-writer\/director Peter Jackson 's expanded vision of J.R.R . Tolkien 's Middle-earth . 
1	No thanks . 
1	This off-putting French romantic comedy 
3	It 's never laugh-out-loud funny , but it be frequently amuse . 
4	Amari have dress up this little parable in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moment and memorable performance . 
3	As banal a the telling may be -- and at time , All My Loved Ones more than flirt with kitsch -- the tale command attention . 
1	An acceptable way to pass a little over an hour with moviegoer age 8-10 , but it 's unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit to McDonald 's , let alone some savvy street activism . 
0	The thing just never get off the ground . 
2	Who be this movie for ? 
4	I 've never see or hear anything quite like this film , and I recommend it for it originality alone . 
4	It 's a feel-good movie about which you can actually feel good . 
4	One of the best inside-show-biz yarn ever . 
0	There must be an audience that enjoy the Friday series , but I would n't be interested in know any of them personally . 
2	Formula 51 have dull your sens faster and deep than any recreational drug on the market . 
2	Is `` Ballistic '' worth the price of admission ? 
1	McTiernan 's remake may be light on it foot -- the sober-minded original be as graceful a a tap-dancing rhino -- but it be just a boring and a obvious . 
2	Gives u a lot to chew on , but not all of it have be properly digest . 
1	Klein , charm in comedy like American Pie and dead-on in Election , deliver one of the sad action hero performance ever witness . 
2	Brainy , artistic and mute , almost to the point of suffocation . 
1	The self-serious Equilibrium make it point too well ; a movie , like life , be n't much fun without the high and low . 
1	Equlibrium could pass for a thirteen-year-old 's book report on the totalitarian theme of 1984 and Farenheit 451 . 
0	And it 's hard still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it . 
0	Loud , silly , stupid and pointless . 
2	Calculated swill . 
0	Merely -LRB- and literally -RRB- toss around sex toy and offer half-hearted paean to empowerment that be repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the joke , most at woman 's expense . 
1	Jackson shamefully stroll through this mess with a smug grin , inexplicably wear a kilt and carry a bag of golf club over one shoulder . 
0	Unspeakable , of course , barely begin to describe the plot and it complication . 
1	As the sulking , moody male hustler in the title role , -LRB- Franco -RRB- have all of Dean 's mannerism and self-indulgence , but none of his sweetness and vulnerability . 
4	Driven by a fantastic dual performance from Ian Holm ... the film be funny , insightfully human and a delightful lark for history buff . 
3	While the film be not entirely successful , it still manage to string together enough charm moment to work . 
1	But the problem with Wendigo , for all it effective moment , be n't really one of resource . 
0	If we 're to slap protagonist Genevieve LePlouff because she 's French , do we have that same option to slap her creator because they 're clueless and inept ? 
4	This be an exercise in chill style , and Twohy film the sub , inside and out , with an eye on preserve a sense of mystery . 
3	A sobering and powerful documentary about the most severe kind of personal loss : rejection by one 's mother . 
3	Contradicts everything we 've come to expect from movie nowadays . 
0	By that measure , it be a failure . 
2	Feels like nothing quite so much a a middle-aged moviemaker 's attempt to surround himself with beautiful , half-naked woman . 
4	Enjoyably fast-moving , hard-hitting documentary . 
2	I 'm happy to have see it -- not a an alternate version , but a the ultimate exercise in view deleted scene . 
2	If Borstal Boy be n't especially realistic , it be an engage nostalgia piece . 
2	Stirs potentially entice ingredient into an uneasy blend of Ghost and Close Encounters of the Third Kind . 
4	I love this film . 
1	Weirdly , Broomfield have compel new material but he do n't unveil it until the end , after endless scene of him wheedle reluctant witness and point his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car . 
0	Like the Tuck family themselves , this movie just go on and on and on and on 
0	Once one experience Mr. Haneke 's own sadistic tendency toward his audience , one be leave with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else . 
3	Nettelbeck have craft an engage fantasy of flavour and emotion , one part romance novel , one part recipe book . 
1	Return to Never Land be much more P.C . than the original version -LRB- no more racist portrait of Indians , for instance -RRB- , but the excitement be miss . 
2	... manage to fall closer in quality to Silence than to the abysmal Hannibal . 
1	The Transporter bombard the viewer with so many explosion and side snap kick that it end up be surprisingly dull . 
1	-LRB- Janey -RRB- forget about her other obligation , lead to a tragedy which be somehow guessable from the first few minute , maybe because it echo the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movie . 
1	He 's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery , and the film seem as deflate a he do . 
3	Reign of Fire be hardly the most original fantasy film ever make -- beyond Road Warrior , it owe enormous debt to Aliens and every previous dragon drama -- but that barely make it any less entertaining . 
2	One just wait grimly for the next shock without develop much attachment to the character . 
3	While the story do seem pretty unbelievable at time , it 's awfully entertaining to watch . 
0	90 punitive minute of eardrum-dicing gunplay , screeching-metal smashups , and flaccid odd-couple sniping . 
1	Pleasant but not more than recycled jock piffle . 
3	Despite the surface attraction -- Conrad L. Hall 's cinematography will likely be nominate for an Oscar next year -- there 's something impressive and yet lack about everything . 
3	By it modest , straight-ahead standard , Undisputed score a direct hit . 
4	The most compelling performance of the year add substantial depth to this shock testament to anti-Semitism and neo-fascism . 
1	It 's clear why Deuces Wild , which be shoot two year ago , have be gather dust on MGM 's shelf . 
2	Teens only . 
1	If The Full Monty be a freshman fluke , Lucky Break be -LRB- Cattaneo -RRB- sophomore slump . 
1	Hard-core slasher aficionado will find thing to like ... but overall the Halloween series have lose it edge . 
0	Derailed by bad writing and possibly also by some of that extensive post-production rework to aim the film at young male in the throe of their first full flush of testosterone . 
3	I like it just enough . 
3	Garcia and the other actor help make the wobbly premise work . 
2	Gloriously straight from the vagina . 
0	The only entertainment you 'll derive from this choppy and sloppy affair will be from unintentional giggle -- several of them . 
3	A movie that send you out of the theater feeling like you 've actually spent time living in another community . 
2	... a story , an old and scary one , about the monster we make , and the vengeance they take . 
3	It have a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fight ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story just complicate enough to let you bask in your own cleverness a you figure it out . 
1	Those 24-and-unders look for their own Caddyshack to adopt a a generational signpost may have to keep on look . 
0	There be n't one moment in the film that surprise or delight . 
3	What a great way to spend 4 unit of your day . 
4	... very funny , very enjoyable ... 
3	Despite the film 's shortcoming , the story be quietly move . 
1	I do n't think most of the people who love the 1989 Paradiso will prefer this new version . 
4	Whether or not you 're enlighten by any of Derrida 's lecture on `` the other '' and `` the self , '' Derrida be an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow . 
1	Adam Sandler 's heart may be in the right place , but he need to pull his head out of his butt 
1	Suffers from all the excess of the genre . 
3	This amiable picture talk tough , but it 's all bluster -- in the end it 's as sweet a Greenfingers ... 
1	Shows that Jackie Chan be get old , and that 's something I would rather live in denial about 
1	There 's no point in extract the bare bone of Byatt 's plot for purpose of bland Hollywood romance . 
1	Whenever you think you 've see the end of the movie , we cut to a new scene , which also appear to be the end . 
3	The film occasionally try the viewer 's patience with slow pacing and a main character who sometimes defies sympathy , but it ultimately satisfy with it move story . 
4	P.T . Anderson understand the grandness of romance and how love be the great equalizer that can calm u of our daily ill and bring out joy in our life that we never know be possible . 
2	Absolutely -LRB- and unintentionally -RRB- terrifying . 
1	Like a grin Jack O ' Lantern , it apparent glee be derive from a lobotomy , have have all it vital essence scoop out and discard . 
3	A movie that will thrill you , touch you and make you laugh as well . 
3	George Lucas return a a visionary with a tale full of nuance and character dimension . 
1	A sad and rote exercise in milk a played-out idea -- a straight guy have to dress up in drag -- that shockingly manage to be even bad than it title would imply . 
1	One of the most depressing movie-going experience I can think of be to sit through about 90 minute of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh once . 
1	This remake of Lina Wertmuller 's 1975 eroti-comedy might just be the big husband-and-wife disaster since John and Bo Derek make the ridiculous Bolero . 
4	Others , more attuned to the anarchist maxim that ` the urge to destroy be also a creative urge ' , or more willing to see with their own eye , will find Morrison 's iconoclastic us of technology to be liberate . 
3	Norton be magnetic a Graham . 
1	Some Body often look like an episode of the TV show Blind Date , only less technically proficient and without the pop-up comment . 
0	A dull , inconsistent , dishonest female bonding picture . 
4	Happily stay close to the ground in a spare and simple manner and do n't pummel u with phony imagery or music . 
1	I find myself grow more and more frustrated and detach a Vincent become more and more abhorrent . 
1	A rehash of every gangster movie from the past decade . 
1	Impostor be a step down for director Gary Fleder . 
1	Just because A Walk to Remember be shrewd enough to activate girlish tear duct do n't mean it 's good enough for our girl . 
1	The fact that it be n't very good be almost beside the point . 
3	He have improve upon the first and take it a step far , rich and deep . 
2	While this gentle and affect melodrama will have luvvies in rapture , it 's far too slight and introspective to appeal to anything wide than a niche audience . 
1	Where Tom Green stag his gag a assault on America 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony , Jackass lack aspiration of social upheaval . 
2	A crude teen-oriented variation on a theme that the playwright Craig Lucas explore with infinitely more grace and eloquence in his Prelude to a Kiss . 
3	In Death to Smoochy , we do n't get Williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneer and bile , and the spectacle be nothing short of refresh . 
2	Like be trap inside a huge video game , where excite , inane image keep pop past your head and the same illogical thing keep happen over and over again . 
3	A journey that be a difficult for the audience to take a it be for the protagonist -- yet it 's potentially just a rewarding . 
3	A mature , deeply felt fantasy of a director 's travel through 300 year of Russian history . 
4	The genius of the work speak volume , offer up a hallucinatory dreamscape that frustrate and captivates . 
2	Even these tale of just seven child seem at time too many , although in reality they be not enough . 
1	Adroit but finally a trifle flat , Mad Love do n't galvanize it outrage the way , say , Jane Campion might have do , but at least it possess some . 
2	-LRB- The digital effect -RRB- remind me of Terry Gilliam 's rudimentary old Monty Python cartoon , in which he would cut out figure from drawing and photograph and paste them together . 
2	A thought-provoking look at how Western foreign policy - however well intentioned - can wreak havoc in other culture . 
4	Sensual , funny and , in the end , very touch . 
4	Overall , it 's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message : God be love . 
2	Arnie blow thing up . 
0	Rarely do a film so graceless and devoid of merit a this one come along . 
4	Gangster No . 1 be solid , satisfy fare for adult . 
3	As each of them search for their place in the world , Miller dig into their very mind to find an unblinking , flawed humanity . 
3	Lovely and Amazing be Holofcener 's deep , uncompromising curtsy to woman she know , and very likely be . 
4	Insomnia be one of the year 's best film and Pacino give one of his most daring , and complicate , performance . 
3	A metaphor for a modern-day urban China search for it identity . 
1	Enigma be well-made , but it 's just too dry and too placid . 
4	It 's that good . 
1	Well-meant but unoriginal . 
3	If you like peace , you 'll like Promises . 
2	Do you say `` hi '' to your lover when you wake up in the morning ? 
1	Despite an impressive roster of star and direction from Kathryn Bigelow , The Weight of Water be oppressively heavy . 
1	For a film that 's be advertise a a comedy , Sweet Home Alabama be n't as funny a you 'd hop . 
1	Behan 's memoir be great material for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best Irish sense -- but Sheridan have settle for a lugubrious romance . 
2	It would work much good a a one-hour TV documentary . 
3	It 's usually a bad sign when director abandon their script and go where the moment take them , but Olympia , Wash. , base filmmaker Anne de Marcken and Marilyn Freeman do just that and it 's what make their project so interesting . 
1	Although God Is Great address interest matter of identity and heritage , it 's hard to shake the feeling that it be intend to be a different kind of film . 
3	Close enough in spirit to it freewheel trash-cinema root to be a breath of fresh air . 
4	Captivates and show how a skillful filmmaker can impart a message without bludgeon the audience over the head . 
4	It will guarantee to have you leave the theater with a smile on your face . 
1	`` Freaky Friday , '' it 's not . 
1	If Damon and Affleck attempt another Project Greenlight , next time out they might try pay less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it be about . 
3	It 's a testament to De Niro and director Michael Caton-Jones that by movie 's end , we accept the character and the film , flaw and all . 
1	In the end , The Weight of Water come to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on Showtime 's ` Red Shoe Diaries . ' 
4	Those who be n't put off by the film 's austerity will find it more than capable of reward them . 
3	Despite Besson 's high-profile name be Wasabi 's big selling point , there be no doubt that Krawczyk deserve a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly win tone . 
3	A chilling movie without oppressive gore . 
1	What a pity ... that the material be so second-rate . 
1	Such a premise be ripe for all manner of lunacy , but Kaufman and Gondry rarely seem sure of where it should go . 
4	Not since Ghostbusters have a film use Manhattan 's architecture in such a gloriously goofy way . 
3	It 's ... worth the extra effort to see an artist , still commit to growth in his ninth decade , change while remain true to his principle with a film whose very subject be , quite pointedly , about the peril of such effort . 
0	Pair that with really poor comedic writing ... and you 've get a huge mess . 
4	Even good than the first one ! 
2	Let 's hope not . 
3	As immaculate a Stuart Little 2 be , it could be a lot good if it be , well , more adventurous . 
4	She may not be real , but the laugh be . 
1	Putting the primitive murderer inside a high-tech space station unleash a Pandora 's Box of special effect that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest . 
0	The sinister inspiration that fuel DeVito 's early work be confuse in Death to Smoochy into something both ugly and mindless . 
1	The lead we be give here be simply too bland to be interesting . 
4	As giddy and whimsical and relevant today a it be 270 year ago . 
1	The skirmish for power wag among victim and predator settle into an undistinguished rhythm of artificial suspense . 
1	It 's hard to believe these joker be suppose to have pull off four similar kidnapping before . 
3	There 's a sheer unbridled delight in the way the story unfurls ... 
2	Igby Goes Down be one of those movie . 
0	An awful snooze . 
1	Sandra Bullock , despite downplay her good look , carry a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role a a troubled and determine homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff . 
4	A thoroughly engaging , surprisingly touch British comedy . 
1	In the name of an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick , The Emperor 's Club turn a blind eye to the very history it pretend to teach . 
4	The film have a terrific look and Salma Hayek have a feel for the character at all stage of her life . 
4	... an eerily suspenseful , deeply absorb piece that work a a treatise on spirituality as well a a solid sci-fi thriller . 
3	Caine make u watch a his character awaken to the notion that to be human be eventually to have to choose . 
3	This in-depth study of important development of the computer industry should make it required viewing in university computer science department for year to come . 
2	The film be about the relationship rather than about the outcome . 
1	Adam Sandler 's 8 Crazy Nights be 75 wasted minute of Sandler a the voice-over hero in Columbia Pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie . 
2	Has an uppity musical beat that you can dance to , but it energy ca n't compare to the wit , humor and snappy dialogue of the original . 
4	Better still , he do all of this , and more , while remain one of the most savagely hilarious social critic this side of Jonathan Swift . 
2	Helps to remind the First World that HIV\/AIDS be far from be yesterday 's news . 
3	Mr. Spielberg and his company just want you to enjoy yourselves without feeling con . 
2	Flawed , but worth see for Ambrose 's performance . 
3	Kiarostami have craft a deceptively casual ode to child and manage to convey a tiny sense of hope . 
1	Nevertheless , it still seem endless . 
4	This be an elegantly balance movie -- every member of the ensemble have something fascinate to do -- that do n't reveal even a hint of artifice . 
1	The film be weigh down by support character who be either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil . 
3	An enjoyable feel-good family comedy regardless of race . 
1	Patchy combination of soap opera , low-tech magic realism and , at time , ploddingly sociological commentary . 
1	Trailer trash cinema so uncool the only thing missing be the `` Gadzooks ! '' 
3	An impeccable study in perversity . 
2	Open-ended and compose of layer upon layer , Talk to Her be a cinephile 's feast , an invitation to countless interpretation . 
2	Going to this movie be a little like chew whale blubber - it 's an acquired taste that take time to enjoy , but it 's worth it , even if it do take 3 hour to get through . 
0	Both shrill and soporific , and because everything be repeat five or six time , it can seem tiresomely simpleminded . 
3	Ian Holm conquers France a an earthy Napoleon 
2	By the time it end in a rush of sequin , flashbulb , blare brass and back-stabbing babe , it have say plenty about how show business have infiltrate every corner of society -- and not always for the good . 
2	Holds limit appeal to those who like explosion , sadism and see people beat each other to a pulp . 
2	What 's leave be a rich stew of longing . 
1	Despite suffer a sense-of-humour failure , The Man Who Wrote Rocky do not deserve to go down with a ship as leaky a this . 
1	More a gunfest than a Rock concert . 
3	On it own staggeringly unoriginal term , this gender-bending comedy be generally quite funny . 
0	An already thin story boil down to survive invader seek an existent anti-virus . 
2	Best described a I Know What You Did Last Winter . 
0	This thing be just garbage . 
1	What make Esther Kahn so demand be that it progress in such a low-key manner that it risk monotony . 
2	There 's a thin line between likably old-fashioned and fuddy-duddy , and The Count of Monte Cristo ... never quite settle on either side . 
3	Surprisingly insightful 
1	Its premise be smart , but the execution be pretty weary . 
3	While the plot follow a predictable connect-the-dots course ... director John Schultz color the picture in some evocative shade . 
1	Too slick and manufacture to claim street credibility . 
2	have some visual wit ... but little imagination elsewhere . 
3	I find The Ring moderately absorb , largely for it elegantly colorful look and sound . 
3	Ramsay succeed primarily with her typical blend of unsettle atmospherics , deliver a series of abrasive , stylized sequence that burn themselves upon the viewer 's memory . 
3	Satisfyingly scarify , fresh and old-fashioned at the same time . 
1	Stinks from start to finish , like a wet burlap sack of gloom . 
1	At best , Cletis Tout might inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a good movie experience . 
2	An estrogen opera so intensely feminine that it serve a the antidote -LRB- and canny doppelganger -RRB- to Diesel 's XXX flex-a-thon . 
1	I be feel this movie until it veer off too far into the Exxon zone , and leave me behind at the station look for a return ticket to realism . 
1	What we have here be n't a disaster , exactly , but a very handsomely produce let-down . 
2	A movie that seem motivate more by a desire to match mortarboard with Dead Poets Society and Good Will Hunting than by it own story . 
0	It 's super - violent , super-serious and super-stupid . 
0	-LRB- N -RRB- o matter how much good will the actor generate , Showtime eventually fold under it own thinness . 
0	I ca n't begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this be , and what a reckless squandering of four fine act talent ... 
2	But , for that , why not watch a documentary ? 
3	Leigh succeed in deliver a dramatic slap in the face that 's simultaneously painful and refreshing . 
4	At just over an hour , Home Movie will leave you want more , not to mention leave you with some laugh and a smile on your face . 
2	Eckstraordinarily lame and Severely boring . 
0	Dramatically lackluster . 
2	`` The Quiet American '' begin in Saigon in 1952 . 
1	They cheapen the overall effect . 
3	You do n't need to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate Scratch , and that 's the mark of a documentary that work . 
3	Gets the look and the period trapping right 
3	Functions a both a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that be the record industry in the current climate of merger and downsizing . 
3	A solid , psychological action film from Hong Kong . 
1	See Clockstoppers if you have nothing well to do with 94 minute . 
4	A lot of fun , with an undeniable energy spark by two actress in their 50 work at the peak of their power . 
1	A relentless , bombastic and ultimately empty World War II action flick . 
2	A well-acted , but one-note film . 
1	An empty shell of an epic rather than the real deal . 
4	Works a pretty contagious fun . 
1	Starts out with tremendous promise , introduce an intriguing and allure premise , only to fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliche that sink it fast than a leaky freighter . 
3	Watching this film , one be leave with the inescapable conclusion that Hitchens ' obsession with Kissinger be , at bottom , a sophisticated flower child 's desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power . 
3	Juliette Binoche 's Sand be vivacious , but it 's hard to sense that powerhouse of 19th-century prose behind her childlike smile . 
2	While Howard 's appreciation of Brown and his writing be clearly well-meaning and sincere , the movie would be impossible to sit through be it not for the support cast . 
4	Knows how to make our imagination wonder . 
1	The colorful Masseur waste it time on mood rather than rid with the inherent absurdity of Ganesh 's rise up the social ladder . 
2	A thunderous ride at first , quiet cadence of pure finesse be few and far between ; their shortage dilute the potency of otherwise respectable action . 
4	-LRB- Westbrook -RRB- make a wonderful subject for the camera . 
4	The overall effect be awe and affection -- and a strange urge to get on a board and , uh , shred , dude . 
4	Stevens have a flair for dialogue comedy , the film operate nicely off the element of surprise , and the large cast be solid . 
2	You come away wishing , though , that the movie spend a lot less time try to make a credible case for report from the afterlife and a lot more time on the romantic urgency that 's at the center of the story . 
4	Birthday Girl walk a tricky tightrope between be wickedly funny and just plain wicked . 
2	and `` They 're come ! '' 
0	As steamy a last week 's pork dumpling . 
1	Scherfig , who have have a successful career in TV , tackle more than she can handle . 
1	Silly stuff , all mix up together like a term paper from a kid who ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another . 
4	Maggie Smith a the Ya-Ya member with the O2-tank will absolutely crack you up with her crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment . 
3	A searing , epic treatment of a nationwide blight that seem to be , horrifyingly , ever on the rise . 
2	The cast have a high time , but de Broca have little enthusiasm for such antique pulp . 
2	Some element of it really blow the big one , but other part be decent . 
1	Not completely loveable -- but what underdog movie since The Bad News Bears have be ? 
4	Unexpected moment of authentically impulsive humor be the hallmark of this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portray the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery . 
3	The exploitative , clumsily stag violence overshadows everything , include most of the actor . 
1	The big problem with Satin Rouge be Lilia herself . 
3	` Stock up on silver bullet for director Neil Marshall 's intense freight train of a film . ' 
3	Aniston have at last decisively broken with her Friends image in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil . 
4	The ensemble cast turn in a collectively stellar performance , and the writing be tight and truthful , full of funny situation and honest observation . 
1	It 's not an easy one to review . 
3	Her performance move between heartbreak and rebellion a she continually try to accommodate to fit in and gain the unconditional love she seek . 
3	An entertaining documentary that freshly considers arguments the Bard 's immortal play be write by somebody else . 
3	Brave and sweetly render love story . 
0	A half-assed film . 
4	Light-years ahead of paint-by-number American blockbuster like Pearl Harbor , at least artistically . 
0	The cumulative effect of the movie be repulsive and depressing . 
3	Smart and alert , Thirteen Conversations About One Thing be a small gem . 
1	A film really have to be exceptional to justify a three hour run time , and this be n't . 
3	Worth a look by those on both side of the issue , if only for the perspective it offer , one the public rarely see . 
3	... dig beyond the usual portrayal of good kid and bad seed to reveal a more ambivalent set of character and motivation . 
4	Because the genre be well establish , what make the movie fresh be smart writing , skew character , and the title performance by Kieran Culkin . 
4	As a vehicle to savour Binoche 's skill , the film be well worthwhile . 
0	Most of the storyline feel like time filler between surf shot . 
0	The most memorable moment be when Green throw medical equipment at a window ; not because it be particularly funny , but because I have a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration . 
2	Exploring value choice be a worthwhile topic for a film -- but here the choice be a contrived and artificial a Kerrigan 's platinum-blonde hair . 
1	Chen film the resolutely downbeat Smokers Only with every indulgent , indie trick in the book . 
3	A powerful , inflammatory film about religion that dare to question an ancient faith , and about hatred that offer no easy , comfortable resolution . 
4	A colorful , vibrant introduction to a universal human impulse , lushly photograph and beautifully record . 
0	A limp Eddie Murphy vehicle that even he seem embarrass to be part of . 
1	About one in three gag in White 's intermittently wise script hit it mark ; the rest be pad unashamedly appropriate from the teen-exploitation playbook . 
1	The film run on a little long than it need to -- Muccino either do n't notice when his story end or just ca n't tear himself away from the character -- but it 's smooth and professional . 
2	Red Dragon make one appreciate Silence of the Lambs . 
2	Made me feel uneasy , even queasy , because -LRB- Solondz 's -RRB- cool compassion be on the border of bemused contempt . 
3	`` Brown Sugar '' admirably aspire to be more than another `` Best Man '' clone by weave a theme throughout this funny film . 
1	A bland , obnoxious 88-minute infomercial for Universal Studios and it ancillary product . . . 
4	Astonishingly skillful and move ... it could become a historically significant work as well a a masterfully make one . 
1	It be too bad that this likable movie be n't more accomplished . 
1	The Importance of Being Earnest movie seem to be miss a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play . '' 
0	The lead actor share no chemistry or engage charisma . 
4	A much good documentary -- more revealing , more emotional and more surprising -- than it pedestrian English title would have you believe . 
3	The most audacious , outrageous , sexually explicit , psychologically probe , pure libido film of the year have arrive from Portugal . 
2	If H.G . Wells have a time machine and could take a look at his kin 's reworked version , what would he say ? 
0	Less funny than it should be and less funny than it think it be . 
2	A thriller make from a completist 's checklist rather than with a cultist 's passion . 
3	Sharp edge and a deep vein of sadness run through it otherwise comic narrative . 
1	There 's something unintentionally comic in the film 's drumbeat about authenticity , give the stale plot and pornographic way the film revel in swank apartment , clothes and party . 
1	The Christ allegory do n't work because there be no foundation for it 
4	Apart from anything else , this be one of the best-sustained idea I have ever see on the screen . 
3	Tambor and Clayburgh make an appealing couple -- he 's understated and sardonic , she 's appealingly manic and energetic . 
3	A headline-fresh thriller set among orthodox Jews on the West Bank , Joseph Cedar 's Time Of Favor manage not only to find a compelling dramatic mean of address a complex situation , it do so without compromise that complexity . 
3	The formula be familiar but enjoyable . 
0	It be dark , brood and slow , and take it central idea way too seriously . 
1	Seemingly disgust with the lazy material and the finished product 's unshapely look , director Fisher Stevens inexplicably dip key moment from the film in Waking Life water color . 
4	Sweet and memorable film . 
1	While not all that bad of a movie , it 's nowhere near as good a the original . 
2	As crime go , writer-director Michael Kalesniko 's How to Kill Your Neighbor 's Dog be slight but unendurable . 
2	Eastwood wince , clutch his chest and gasp for breath . 
3	It deserve to be see everywhere . 
3	Her film 
2	An uplifting drama ... What Antwone Fisher be n't , however , be original . 
3	And the positive change in tone here seem to have recharge him . 
0	Shot like a postcard and overact with all the boozy self-indulgence that bring out the bad in otherwise talented actor ... 
2	Please see previous answer . 
4	I love the robust middle of this picture . 
3	Drama of temptation , salvation and good intention be a thoughtful examination of faith , love and power . 
3	As much a I laugh throughout the movie , I can not mount a cogent defense of the film a entertainment , or even performance art , although the movie do leave you marvel at these guy ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain . 
0	-LRB- Less a movie than -RRB- an appalling , odoriferous thing ... so rotten in almost every single facet of production that you 'll want to crawl up your own \*\*\* in embarrassment . 
4	Engages u in constant fit of laughter , until we find ourselves surprise at how much we care about the story , and end up walk out not only satisfied but also somewhat touch . 
3	A great companion piece to other Napoleon film . 
3	The end feel at odds with the rest of the film . 
3	There 's plenty to impress about E.T . 
4	This film put Wang at the forefront of China 's Sixth Generation of film maker . 
3	What 's surprise about this traditional thriller , moderately successful but not completely satisfy , be exactly how genteel and unsurprising the execution turn out to be . 
2	The actor pull out all the stop in nearly every scene , but to diminish effect . 
3	The concept behind Kung Pow : Enter the Fist be hilarious . 
4	It zip along with B-movie verve while add the rich detail and go-for-broke acting that herald something special . 
3	An uncomfortable experience , but one a brave and challenging a you could possibly expect these day from American cinema . 
2	display the potential for a good movie than what Bailly manage to deliver 
2	The Emperor 's Club be one of those film that possess all the good intention in the world , but ... 
1	The pretension -- and disposable story -- sink the movie . 
0	Depressingly thin and exhaustingly contrive . 
4	Showtime be a fine-looking film with a bouncy score and a clutch of lively song for deft punctuation . 
3	It 's fun , wispy , wise and surprisingly inoffensive for a film about a teen in love with his stepmom . 
1	Well , Jason 's go to Manhattan and Hell , I guess a space station in the year 2455 can be cross off the list of idea for the inevitable future sequel -LRB- hey , do n't shoot the messenger -RRB- . 
2	The filmmaker lack the nerve ... to fully exploit the script 's potential for sick humor . 
3	Crammed with incident , and bristle with passion and energy . 
3	This 90-minute postmodern voyage be more diverting and thought-provoking than I 'd expect it to be . 
0	It make me say the obvious : Abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here . 
1	Can I admit XXX be as deep a a Petri dish and as well-characterized a a telephone book but still say it be a guilty pleasure ? 
3	It 's a testament to the film 's considerable charm that it succeed in entertain , despite play out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandary . 
1	Its audacious ambition sabotage by pomposity , Steven Soderbergh 's space opera emerge a a numbingly dull experience . 
0	A boring , pretentious muddle that use a sensational , real-life 19th-Century crime a a metaphor for -- well , I 'm not exactly sure what -- and have all the dramatic weight of a raindrop . 
3	What set Ms. Birot 's film apart from others in the genre be a great attention to the parent -- and particularly the fateful father -- in the emotional evolution of the two bewitch adolescent . 
3	Jackie Chan movie be a guilty pleasure - he 's easy to like and always leave u laugh . 
3	Thoroughly enjoyable . 
4	-LRB- Leigh -RRB- have a true talent for draw wrench performance from his actor -LRB- improvise over many month -RRB- and for convey the way tiny act of kindness make ordinary life survivable . 
1	Stephen Earnhart 's documentary be a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition -- wear a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text -- when it 's really an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type . 
3	The strength of the film lie in it two central performance by Sven Wollter a the stricken composer and Viveka Seldahl a his desperate violinist wife . 
3	Smith find amusing juxtaposition that justify his exercise . 
2	Less-than-compelling documentary of a Yiddish theater clan . 
1	Everything about Girls Ca n't Swim , even it passage of sensitive observation , feel secondhand , familiar -- and not in a good way . 
2	B picture , and I mean that a a compliment . 
2	Examines it explosive subject matter as nonjudgmentally a Wiseman 's previous study of inner-city high school , hospital , court and welfare center . 
2	What start out a a taut contest of will between Bacon and Theron , deteriorate into a protracted and borderline silly chase sequence . 
4	A fun family movie that 's suitable for all age -- a movie that will make you laugh , cry and realize , ` It 's never too late to believe in your dream . ' 
4	-LRB- Kline 's -RRB- utterly convincing -- and deeply appeal -- a a noble teacher who embrace a strict moral code , and a a flawed human be who ca n't quite live up to it . 
0	One of the most unpleasant thing the studio have ever produce . 
2	In the end , all you can do be admire the ensemble player and wonder what the point of it be . 
2	Rodriguez ... be unable to reproduce the special spark between the character that make the first film such a delight . 
4	He nonetheless appreciate the art and reveal a music scene that transcend culture and race . 
4	The unique niche of self-critical , behind-the-scenes navel-gazing Kaufman have carve from Orleans ' story and his own infinite insecurity be a work of outstanding originality . 
2	Possession be in the end an honorable , interesting failure . 
2	This be n't a terrible film by any mean , but it 's also far from be a realize work . 
4	Will warm your heart without make you feel guilty about it . 
3	-LRB- F -RRB- rom the performance and the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative , the film be blazingly alive and admirable on many level . 
3	It 's the perfect star vehicle for Grant , allow him to finally move away from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona . 
1	It 's a pedestrian , flat drama that scream out ` amateur ' in almost every frame . 
3	Always destine to be measure against Anthony Asquith 's acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation . 
0	Evelyn may be base on a true and historically significant story , but the filmmaker have make every effort to disguise it a an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention . 
4	There be greatness here . 
1	Although it try to be much more , it 's really just another Major League . 
1	It 's a glorified sitcom , and a long , unfunny one at that . 
3	Mama Africa pretty much delivers on that promise . 
3	Adolescents will be adequately serve by the movie 's sophomoric blend of shenanigan and slapstick , although the more lascivious-minded might be disappoint in the relative modesty of a movie that sport a ` topless tutorial service . ' 
1	Sounding like Arnold Schwarzenegger , with a physique to match , -LRB- Ahola -RRB- have a wooden delivery and encounter a substantial arc of change that do n't produce any real transformation . 
0	Has the disjoint feel of a bunch of strung-together TV episode . 
4	Director Nancy Savoca 's no-frills record of a show forge in still-raw emotion capture the unsettled tenor of that post 9-11 period far well than a more measured or polish production ever could . 
0	As it be , it 's too long and unfocused . 
1	Lyne 's late , the erotic thriller Unfaithful , further demonstrate just how far his storytelling skill have erode . 
2	When the hero be actually under 40 ? 
3	Another love story in 2002 's remarkable procession of sweeping picture that have reinvigorate the romance genre . 
0	A cheap scam put together by some cynical creep at Revolution Studios and Imagine Entertainment to make the sucker out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minute of unrecoverable life . 
2	It ca n't escape it past , and it do n't want to . 
0	This one aim for the toilet and score a direct hit . 
2	A picture as erratic a it central character . 
3	An ideal love story for those intolerant of the more common saccharine genre . 
3	A gorgeously strange movie , Heaven be deeply concerned with morality , but it refuse to spell thing out for viewer . 
3	Its spirit of iconoclastic abandon -- however can -- make for unexpectedly giddy viewing . 
3	... a great , participatory spectator sport . ' 
0	It 's the element of condescension , a the filmmaker look down on their working-class subject from their lofty perch , that finally make Sex With Strangers , which open today in the New York metropolitan area , so distasteful . 
1	Ararat feel like a book report 
4	it 's refresh to see a movie that embrace it old-fashioned theme and in the process come out look like something wholly original . 
3	Its metaphor be opaque enough to avoid didacticism , and the film succeed a an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work . 
1	-LRB- Evans be -RRB- a fascinating character , and deserve a good vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie . 
2	Silly , loud and goofy . 
1	As underwater ghost story go , Below cast it spooky net out into the Atlantic Ocean and spit it back , grizzle and char , somewhere northwest of the Bermuda Triangle . 
4	A moving and important film . 
2	You wo n't exactly know what 's happen but you 'll be blissfully exhaust . 
2	I realize that no matter how fantastic Reign of Fire look , it story be make no sense at all . 
1	Heavy with flabby roll of typical Toback machination . 
4	The world need more filmmaker with passionate enthusiasm like Martin Scorsese . 
1	Russell lack the visual panache , the comic touch , and perhaps the budget of Sommers 's title-bout feature . 
3	And educational ! 
4	It 's dark but have wonderfully funny moment ; you care about the character ; and the action and special effect be first-rate . 
0	It desperately want to be a wacky , screwball comedy , but the most screwy thing here be how so many talented people be convince to waste their time . 
1	There 's nothing exactly wrong here , but there 's not nearly enough that 's right . 
2	I do n't even care that there 's no plot in this Antonio Banderas-Lucy Liu faceoff . 
0	This movie feel more like a non-stop cry for attention , than an attempt at any kind of satisfy entertainment . 
4	Hardly an objective documentary , but it 's great cinematic polemic ... love Moore or loathe him , you 've get to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his conviction . 
3	I like this film a lot ... 
0	Not only be entry number twenty the bad of the Brosnan bunch , it 's one of the bad of the entire franchise . 
2	Largely , this be a movie that also do it by the number . 
1	We never feel anything for these character , and a a result the film be basically just a curiosity . 
1	I suspect that you 'll be a bored watch Morvern Callar a the character be in it . 
1	Stealing Harvard ca n't even do that much . 
3	I 'm sure mainstream audience will be baffle , but , for those with at least a minimal appreciation of Woolf and Clarissa Dalloway , The Hours represent two of those well spent . 
0	We assume he have a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there be no earthly reason other than money why this distinguish actor would stoop so low . 
4	Amid the new populist comedy that underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community , one would be hard-pressed to find a movie with a big , fatter heart than Barbershop . 
2	There be a few modest laugh , but certainly no thrill . 
4	Gay or straight , Kissing Jessica Stein be one of the great date movie in year . 
3	It have it fault , but it be a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie , and Mandy Moore leave a positive impression . 
4	... bright , intelligent , and humanly funny film . 
4	I encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale -- you wo n't be sorry ! 
1	Quitting , however , manage just to be depress , a the lead actor phone in his autobiographical performance . 
3	A fine effort , an interesting topic , some intriguing character and a sad end . 
2	Muddled , trashy and incompetent 
3	Time Out be existential drama without any of the pretension associate with the term . 
2	And a very rainy day . 
3	Maintains your sympathy for this otherwise challenging soul by let you share her one-room world for a while . 
1	The story have little wit and no surprise . 
1	Decent but dull . 
4	Mr . Deeds be , a comedy go , very silly -- and in the best way . 
0	The whole thing feel like a ruse , a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture be construct around a core of flimsy -- or , bad yet , nonexistent -- idea . 
1	Go back to sleep . 
3	You live the mood rather than savour the story . 
1	-LRB- A -RRB- painfully flat gross-out comedy ... 
1	Bean drop the ball too many time ... hop the nifty premise will create enough interest to make up for an unfocused screenplay . 
1	Grating and tedious . 
0	Utter mush ... conceited pap . 
0	One of the more glaring sign of this movie 's servitude to it superstar be the way it skirt around any scene that might have require genuine acting from Ms. Spears . 
1	In the spirit of the season , I assign one bright shin star to Roberto Benigni 's Pinocchio -- but I guarantee that no wise men will be follow after it . 
0	This be standard crime drama fare ... instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull . 
0	Other than a mildly engaging central romance , Hospital be sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution at bad . 
1	This overlong infomercial , due out on video before month 's end , be tepid and tedious . 
3	Fulford-Wierzbicki ... deftly capture the wise-beyond-her-years teen . 
3	This be lightweight filmmaking , to be sure , but it 's pleasant enough -- and ooze with attractive men . 
1	The film be way too full of itself ; it 's stuffy and pretentious in a give-me-an-Oscar kind of way . 
1	While certainly more naturalistic than it Australian counterpart , Amari 's film fall short in build the drama of Lilia 's journey . 
1	The character never change . 
1	An admitted egomaniac , Evans be no Hollywood villain , and yet this grating showcase almost make you wish he 'd go the way of Don Simpson . 
1	Witless , pointless , tasteless and idiotic . 
2	Hardly a nuanced portrait of a young woman 's breakdown , the film nevertheless work up a few scare . 
3	What lift the film high above run-of-the-filth gangster flick be it refusal to recognise any of the signpost , a if discover a way through to the bitter end without a map . 
4	Definitely worth 95 minute of your time . 
4	The ingenuity that Parker display in freshen the play be almost in a class with that of Wilde himself . 
2	While puerile men dominate the story , the woman shine . 
3	A beautiful paean to a time long past . 
2	One of -LRB- Jaglom 's -RRB- better effort -- a wry and sometime bitter movie about love . 
3	Although it include a fair share of dumb drug joke and predictable slapstick , `` Orange County '' be far funny than it would seem to have any right to be . 
1	A sleep-inducing thriller with a single twist that everyone except the character in it can see come a mile away . 
2	Expanded to 65 minute for theatrical release , it still feel somewhat unfinished . 
3	And yet , it still work . 
0	What more can be expect from a college comedy that 's target audience have n't graduate from junior high school ? 
4	A fresh , entertaining comedy that look at relationship minus traditional gender role . 
1	While some of the camera work be interesting , the film 's mid-to-low budget be betray by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work . 
1	I think it be Plato who say , ' I think , therefore I know good than to rush to the theatre for this one . ' 
3	Tadpole may be one of the most appealing movie ever make about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother . 
2	Count on his movie to work at the back of your neck long after you leave the theater . 
2	It 's dark and tragic , and let the business of the greedy talent agent get in the way of say something meaningful about face death 
0	Lazy filmmaking , with the director take a hands-off approach when he should have shape the story to show u why it 's compelling . 
1	Would that Greengrass have go a tad less for grit and a lot more for intelligibility . 
3	Although some viewer will not be able to stomach so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness , those who do will have find a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime . 
3	-LRB- Reno -RRB- deliver a monologue that manage to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a well-balanced fashion . 
1	The story be -- forgive me -- a little thin , and the filmmaking clumsy and rush . 
1	Kids do n't mind crappy movie as much a adult , provide there 's lot of cute animal and clumsy people . 
3	Has an unmistakable , easy joie de vivre . 
3	The movie 's thesis -- elegant technology for the mass -- be surprisingly refreshing . 
2	It 's deep-sixed by a compulsion to catalog every bodily fluid gag in There 's Something About Mary and devise a parallel clone-gag . 
1	It 's virtually impossible to like any of these despicable character . 
3	When you 've get the wildly popular Vin Diesel in the equation , it add up to big box office buck all but guarantee . 
1	The premise of `` Abandon '' hold promise , ... but it delivery be a complete mess . 
0	The Adventures of Pluto Nash be a whole lot of nada . 
2	the phone ring and a voice tell you you 've get seven day leave to live . 
1	The whole talking-animal thing be grisly . 
1	Adults , other than the parent ... will be hard press to succumb to the call of the wild . 
4	With Spy Kids 2 : The Island of Lost Dreams , however , Robert Rodriguez adorn his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movie be lack . 
4	Scherfig 's light-hearted profile of emotional desperation be achingly honest and delightfully cheeky . 
4	The acting in Pauline And Paulette be good all round , but what really set the film apart be Debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional button . 
1	A kilted Jackson be an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character , who ramble aimlessly through ill-conceived action piece . 
1	Just the sort of lazy tearjerker that give movie about ordinary folk a bad name . 
3	It treat Ana 's journey with honesty that be tragically rare in the depiction of young woman in film . 
3	Together writer-director Danny Verete 's three tale comprise a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt . 
2	Though not for everyone , The Guys be a somber trip worth take . 
4	Top-notch action power this romantic drama . 
1	-LRB- Denis ' -RRB- bare-bones narrative more closely resemble an outline for a '70s exploitation picture than the finished product . 
0	For it 100 minute run time , you 'll wait in vain for a movie to happen . 
1	I could have use my two hour well watch Being John Malkovich again . 
1	The movie 's vision of a white American zealously spread a Puritanical brand of Christianity to South Seas islander be one only a true believer could relish . 
4	Romanek 's theme be every bit as distinctive a his visuals . 
4	A comedy that be warm , inviting , and surprising . 
4	It have fun with the quirk of family life , but it also treat the subject with fondness and respect . 
3	Blade II merge bit and piece from fight game , wire fu , horror movie , mystery , James Bond , wrestling , sci-fi and anime into one big bloody stew . 
1	Despite engage offbeat touch , Knockaround Guys rarely seem interested in kick around a raison d'etre that 's as fresh-faced a it young-guns cast . 
3	Worth a salute just for try to be more complex than your average film . 
0	Build some robot , haul 'em to the theatre with you for the late show , and put on your own Mystery Science Theatre 3000 tribute to what be almost certainly go to go down a the bad -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year . 
4	Brims with passion : for word , for it eccentric , accident-prone character , and for the crazy thing that keep people go in this crazy life . 
2	No matter how firmly director John Stainton have his tongue in his cheek , the fact remain that a wacky concept do not a movie make . 
0	Seemingly a vehicle to showcase the Canadian 's inane ramblings , Stealing Harvard be a smorgasbord of soliloquy about nothing deliver by the former Mr. Drew Barrymore . 
4	... a delicious crime drama on par with the slickest of Mamet . 
4	A heartbreakingly thoughtful minor classic , the work of a genuine and singular artist . 
2	But it do n't need Gangs of New York . 
2	This slow-moving Swedish film offer not even a hint of joy , prefer to focus on the humiliation of Martin a he defecate in bed and urinates on the plant at his own birthday party . 
4	What could have easily become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche wind up a powerful and deeply move example of melodramatic moviemaking . 
4	Return to Never Land be reliable , standard Disney animate fare , with enough creative energy and wit to entertain all age . 
3	Escapes the precious trapping of most romantic comedy , infuse into the story very real , complicated emotion . 
4	Bittersweet comedy\/drama full of life , hand gesture , and some really adorable Italian guy . 
0	Because the intelligence level of the character must be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work , the movie contain no wit , only labor gag . 
1	Solondz be so intent on hammer home his message that he forget to make it entertain . 
2	Adults will certainly want to spend their time in the theater think up grocery list and way to tell their kid how not to act like Pinocchio . 
2	Stuart 's poor-me persona need a whole bunch of Snowball 's cynicism to cut through the sugar coating . 
3	The viewer take great pleasure in watch the resourceful Molly stay a step ahead of her pursuer . 
3	What 's most refresh about Real Women Have Curves be it unforced comedy-drama and it relaxed , natural-seeming actor . 
1	If you 're look to rekindle the magic of the first film , you 'll need a strong stomach than u . 
4	The wonder of Mostly Martha be the performance of Gedeck , who make Martha enormously endear . 
1	A selection of scene in search of a movie . 
4	The rare movie that 's a crisp and to the point a the novel on which it 's base . 
2	Or intelligent . 
3	This film can only point the way -- but thank goodness for this signpost . 
4	Hawn and Sarandon form an acting bond that make The Banger Sisters a fascinating character study with laugh to spare . 
3	By the end of it all I sort of love the people onscreen , even though I could not stand them . 
1	One big blustery movie where nothing really happen . 
3	Plummer steal the show without resort to camp a Nicholas ' wound and wound Uncle Ralph . 
3	... Wallace be smart to vary the pitch of his movie , balance deafen battle scene with quiet domestic scene of woman back home receiving War Department telegram . 
3	This be a movie that be what it be : a pleasant distraction , a Friday night diversion , an excuse to eat popcorn . 
1	More trifle than triumph . 
1	This u-boat do n't have a captain . 
1	You leave the same way you come -- a few tasty morsel under your belt , but no new friend . 
3	A little good than Sorcerer 's Stone . 
2	With one exception , every blighter in this particular South London housing project dig into dysfunction like it 's a big , comfort jar of Marmite , to be slather on cracker and serve a a feast of bleakness . 
1	I 'm not exactly sure what this movie think it be about . 
2	Most of the film feel conceive and shoot on the fly -- like between lunch break for Shearer 's radio show and his Simpson voice-overs . 
1	The main story ... be compelling enough , but it 's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish . 
1	Chan 's stunt be limited and so embellish by edit that there 's really not much of a sense of action or even action-comedy . 
0	The script , the gag , the character be all direct-to-video stuff , and that 's where this film should have remain . 
3	With the prospect of film like Kangaroo Jack about to burst across America 's winter movie screen it 's a pleasure to have a film like The Hours a an alternative . 
3	May not be a breakthrough in filmmaking , but it be unwavering and arrest . 
4	Awesome work : ineffable , elusive , yet inexplicably powerful 
3	I be impress by how many tit-for-tat retaliatory responses the filmmaker allow before pull the plug on the conspirator and avert an American-Russian Armageddon . 
2	Just like Igby . 
0	As a director , Eastwood be off his game -- there 's no real sense of suspense , and none of the plot ` surprise ' be really surprising . 
1	Queen of the Damned be too long with too little go on . 
2	A charming and funny story of clash culture and a clashing mother\/daughter relationship . 
1	It 's loud and boring ; watch it be like be trap at a bad rock concert . 
0	A chiller resolutely without chill . 
1	We just do n't really care too much about this love story . 
0	The first Fatal Attraction be vile enough . 
0	You begin to long for the end credit a the desert do for rain . 
1	... contain very few laugh and even less surprise . 
2	One of the film 's most effective aspect be it Tchaikovsky soundtrack of neurasthenic regret . 
2	Viewing this underdramatized but overstated film be like watch a transcript of a therapy session bring to humdrum life by some Freudian puppet . 
0	Sheridan 's take on the author 's schoolboy memoir ... be a rather toothless take on a hard young life . 
4	Great character interaction . 
4	Intensely romantic , thought-provoking and even an engaging mystery . 
0	A tired , predictable , border on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid . 
4	A vibrant whirlwind of love , family and all that go with it , My Big Fat Greek Wedding be a non-stop funny feast of warmth , colour and cringe . 
2	As it stand , there 's some fine sex onscreen , and some tense arguing , but not a whole lot more . 
3	Kosminsky ... put enough salt into the wound of the tortured and self-conscious material to make it sting . 
1	A culture clash comedy only half as clever a it think it be . 
2	This one be certainly well-meaning , but it 's also simple-minded and contrive . 
3	It 's definitely a step in the right direction . 
4	This be a gorgeous film - vivid with color , music and life . 
1	a in aimless , arduous , and arbitrary . 
1	Clare Peploe 's airless movie adaptation could use a little American Pie-like irreverence . 
2	The talk-heavy film play like one of Robert Altman 's less work . 
0	A preposterous , prurient whodunit . 
4	It 's be do before but never so vividly or with so much passion . 
0	-LRB- Swimfan -RRB- fall victim to sloppy plotting , an insultingly unbelievable final act and a villainess who be too crazy to be interesting . 
3	May take it sweet time to get wherever it 's go , but if you have the patience for it , you wo n't feel like it 's wasted yours . 
3	A compelling French psychological drama examine the encounter of an aloof father and his chilly son after 20 year apart . 
3	Combine the paranoid claustrophobia of a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural -- why do n't Hollywood think of this sooner ? 
2	The Rock have a great presence but one battle after another be not the same a one battle follow by killer CGI effect . 
3	The director explore all three side of his story with a sensitivity and an inquisitiveness reminiscent of Truffaut . 
1	Dreary tale of middle-class angst 
4	... plenty of warmth to go around , with music and laughter and the love of family . 
2	As Schmidt , Nicholson walk with a slow , deliberate gait , choose his word carefully and subdue his natural exuberance . 
0	Unfunny comedy with a lot of static set ups , not much camera movement , and most of the scene take place indoors in formal setting with motionless character . 
3	Rewarding . 
4	Try a you might to scrutinize the ethic of Kaufman 's approach , somehow it all come together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment . 
2	She 's a cipher , play by an actress who smile and frown but do n't reveal an inner life . 
1	-LRB- T -RRB- he ideas of Revolution # 9 be more compelling than the execution 
3	Far From Heaven be a dazzling conceptual feat , but more than that , it 's a work of enthral drama . 
2	Boldly engineering a collision between tawdry B-movie flamboyance and grandiose spiritual anomie , Rose 's film , true to it source material , provide a tenacious demonstration of death a the great equalizer . 
2	The warning to resist temptation in this film ... be blunt and challenging and offer no easy reward for stay clean . 
1	Sweet Home Alabama certainly wo n't be remember a one of -LRB- Witherspoon 's -RRB- well film . 
0	Staggers between flaccid satire and what be suppose to be madcap farce . 
3	Exactly what it title implies : lusty , boisterous and utterly charming . 
4	In a summer of clone , Harvard Man be something rare and riveting : a wild ride that rely on more than special effect . 
1	preachy and 
3	It 's a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie , which be to say it 's unburden by pretension to great artistic significance . 
4	Polanski have find the perfect material with which to address his own World War II experience in his signature style . 
1	I walk away not really know who `` they '' be , what `` they '' look like . 
0	A film of empty , fetishistic violence in which murder be casual and fun . 
1	Friday After Next be a lot more bluster than bite . 
1	` CQ may one day be fondly remember a Roman Coppola 's brief pretentious period before go on to other film that actually tell a story worth care about 
4	Such master screenwriting come courtesy of John Pogue , the Yale grad who previously give u `` The Skulls '' and last year 's `` Rollerball . '' 
1	Some Like It Hot on the Hardwood prove once again that a man in drag be not in and of himself funny . 
2	A glossy knock-off of a B-movie revenge flick . 
3	The attraction between these two marginal character be complex from the start -- and , refreshingly , stay that way . 
1	Full of bland hotel , highway , park lot , with some glimpse of nature and family warmth , Time Out be a discreet moan of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life . 
1	The problem with all of this : It 's not really funny . 
2	`` Punch-Drunk Love '' be a little like a chocolate milk moustache ... 
1	Shatner be probably the funny person in the film , which give you an idea just how bad it be . 
0	The most horrific movie experience I 've have since `` Ca n't Stop The Music . '' 
2	Yet another self-consciously overwritten story about a rag-tag bunch of would-be character that team up for a ca n't - miss heist -- only to have it all go wrong . 
3	Whether or not Ram Dass prove a clear and reliable an authority on that a he be about inner consciousness , Fierce Grace reassure u that he will once again be an honest and love one . 
2	Not everyone will play the dark , challenge tune teach by The Piano Teacher . 
4	It 's pack with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message , so it 's great for the kid . 
0	The script be reportedly rewrite a dozen time -- either 11 time too many or else too few . 
3	Not the Great American Comedy , but if you like the previous movie in the series , you 'll have a good time with this one too . 
2	Frank McKlusky C.I . be that movie ! 
3	The story line may be 127 year old , but El Crimen del Padre Amaro ... could n't be more timely in it despair vision of corruption within the Catholic establishment . 
3	... quite good at provide some good old fashion spook . 
1	Has none of the crackle of `` Fatal Attraction '' , `` 9 1\/2 Weeks '' , or even `` Indecent Proposal '' , and feel more like Lyne 's stolid remake of `` Lolita '' . 
2	John Carlen 's script be full of unhappy , two-dimensional character who be anything but compelling . 
3	When the movie mix the cornpone and the Cosa Nostra , it find a nice rhythm . 
1	It do n't make for great cinema , but it be interest to see where one 's imagination will lead when give the opportunity . 
2	Your stomach for Heaven depend largely on your appetite for canned corn . 
1	Family togetherness take a back seat to inter-family rivalry and workplace ambition ... whole subplots have no explanation or even plot relevance . 
0	Equilibrium the movie , a oppose to the manifesto , be really , really stupid . 
3	Payne construct a hilarious ode to middle America and middle age with this unlikely odyssey , feature a pathetic , endear hero who be all too human . 
3	While somewhat less than it might have be , the film be a good one , and you 've get to hand it to director George Clooney for bite off such a big job the first time out . 
3	All leather pant & augment boob , Hawn be hilarious a she try to resuscitate the fun-loving libertine lose somewhere inside the conservative , handbag-clutching Sarandon . 
3	`` Cremaster 3 '' should come with the warning `` For serious film buff only ! '' 
3	Both exuberantly romantic and serenely melancholy , What Time Is It There ? 
2	This be mostly well-constructed fluff , which be all it seem intend to be . 
4	It 's something of the ultimate Scorsese film , with all the stomach-turning violence , colorful New York gang lore and other hallmark of his personal cinema paint on their largest-ever historical canvas . 
1	It take a really long , slow and dreary time to dope out what TUCK EVERLASTING be about . 
0	Call me a cold-hearted curmudgeon for not be able to enjoy a mindless action movie , but I believe a movie can be mindless without be the peak of all thing insipid . 
3	This be a dark , gritty , sometimes funny little gem . 
0	Shallow , noisy and pretentious . 
3	Strange occurrence build in the mind of the viewer and take on extreme urgency . 
3	Although largely a heavy-handed indictment of parental failing and the indifference of Spanish social worker and legal system towards child abuse , the film retain ambiguity that make it well worth watch . 
4	Delight your sens and crash this wedding ! 
4	A thought-provoking picture . 
0	Think The Lion King redone for horse , with few deliberate laugh , more inadvertent one and stunningly trite song by Bryan Adams , the world 's most generic rock star . 
0	How inept be Serving Sara ? 
1	Too much power , not enough puff . 
4	Narc be a no-bull throwback to 1970s action film . 
4	Elegant and eloquent -LRB- meditation -RRB- on death and that most elusive of passion , love . 
2	The action be reasonably well-done ... yet story , character and comedy bit be too rag to ever fit smoothly together . 
1	These be textbook life of quiet desperation . 
0	As pedestrian a they come . 
3	McGrath have deftly trim Dickens ' wonderfully sprawl soap opera , the good to focus on the hero 's odyssey from cower poverty to courage and happiness . 
3	Evelyn 's strong cast and surehanded direction make for a winning , heartwarming yarn . 
1	A visually flashy but narratively opaque and emotionally vapid exercise in style and mystification . 
3	It 's enough to watch Huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eye as steady a any noir villain , and to enjoy the perfectly pitch web of tension that Chabrol spin . 
2	Critics need a good laugh , too , and this too-extreme-for-TV rendition of the notorious MTV show deliver the outrageous , sicken , sidesplitting good in steaming , visceral heap . 
2	Britney 's performance can not be fault . 
0	It 's be 13 month and 295 preview screening since I last walk out on a movie , but Resident Evil really earn my indignant , preemptive departure . 
2	Not a bad choice here , assume that ... the air-conditioning in the theater be work properly . 
4	As warm a it be wise , deftly set off uproarious humor with an underlie seriousness that sneak up on the viewer , provide an experience that be rich than anticipate . 
0	It 's clot with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shot that make 105 minute seem twice as long . 
2	The character be interesting and the relationship between Yosuke and Saeko be worth watch a it develop , but there 's not enough to the story to fill two hour . 
1	Offers absolutely nothing I have n't already see . 
2	recovers 
3	The performance of the child , untrained in act , have an honesty and dignity that break your heart . 
2	Directors John Musker and Ron Clements , the team behind The Little Mermaid , have produce sparkling retina candy , but they be n't able to muster a lot of emotional resonance in the cold vacuum of space . 
4	Like Brosnan 's performance , Evelyn come from the heart . 
1	But the movie 's narrative hook be way too muddle to be an effectively chill guilty pleasure . 
2	This film be make by and for those folk who collect the serial killer card and be fascinate by the mere suggestion of serial killer . 
1	So we get Ten Little Indians meet Friday the 13th by way of Clean and Sober , film on the set of Carpenter 's The Thing and load with actor you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of The Love Boat . 
3	After an uncertain start , Murder hit and generally sustain a high plateau with Bullock 's memorable first interrogation of Gosling . 
0	If I could have look into my future and saw how bad this movie be , I would go back and choose to skip it . 
3	When one hear Harry Shearer be go to make his debut a a film director , one would hope for the best 
4	An intoxicating experience . 
2	The movie work for me right up to the final scene , and then it cave in . 
1	Schnieder bounce around with limp wrist , wear tight tummy top and hip hugger , twirl his hair on his finger and assume that 's enough to sustain laugh ... 
0	The film be all over the place , really . 
2	If this silly little cartoon can inspire a few kid not to grow up to be greedy bastard , more power to it . 
3	Despite the film 's bizarre development , Hoffman keep u rivet with every painful nuance , unexpected flash of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity . 
1	The movie do n't think much of it character , it protagonist , or of u . 
3	The film prove unrelentingly grim -- and equally engross . 
3	A whole lot of fun and funny in the middle , though somewhat less hard-hitting at the start and finish . 
2	The dose be strong and funny , for the first 15 minute anyway ; after that , the potency wan dramatically . 
1	A sustained fest of self-congratulation between actor and director that leave scant place for the viewer . 
0	... feel a if -LRB- there 's -RRB- a choke leash around your neck so director Nick Cassavetes can give it a good , hard yank whenever he want you to feel something . 
3	It 's bright , pristine style and bold color make it a much fun a read an oversized picture book before bedtime . 
1	In the process of trim the movie to an expeditious 84 minute , director Roger Kumble seem to have dump a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gag . 
0	Bad and baffle from the get-go . 
1	A big , loud , bang-the-drum bore . 
2	So riddled with unanswered question that it require gargantuan leap of faith just to watch it plod along . 
1	You leave feel like you 've endure a long workout without your pulse ever race . 
0	An inept , tedious spoof of '70s kung fu picture , it contain almost enough chuckle for a three-minute sketch , and no more . 
4	This be a movie that refresh the mind and spirit along with the body , so original be it content , look , and style . 
2	Maybe Thomas Wolfe be right : You ca n't go home again . 
1	The dramatic scene be frequently unintentionally funny , and the action sequence -- clearly the main event -- be surprisingly uninvolving . 
0	The movie have a script -LRB- by Paul Pender -RRB- make of wood , and it 's relentlessly folksy , a procession of stagy set piece stack with binary opposition . 
0	After see the film , I can tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remember it . 
2	It 's suppose to be a humorous , all-too-human look at how hope can breed a certain kind of madness -- and strength -- but it never quite add up . 
2	There be moment of real pleasure to be find in Sara Sugarman 's whimsical comedy Very Annie-Mary but not enough to sustain the film . 
3	The script be high on squaddie banter , low on shock . 
2	As direct by Dani Kouyate of Burkina Faso , Sia lack visual flair . 
4	Spinning a web of dazzle entertainment may be overstate it , but `` Spider-Man '' certainly deliver the good . 
0	`` Solaris '' be a shapeless inconsequential move rely on the viewer to do most of the work . 
2	It 's fitfully funny but never really take off . 
2	If you 're a Crocodile Hunter fan , you 'll enjoy at least the `` real '' portion of the film . 
3	A compelling story of musical passion against governmental odds . 
4	A riveting story well told . 
2	Um , no . . 
4	He make you realize that deep inside righteousness can be find a tough beauty . 
4	Features what be surely the funny and most accurate depiction of writer 's block ever . 
1	The movie be a negligible work of manipulation , an exploitation piece do it usual worst to guilt-trip parent . 
2	Well-meaning to a fault , Antwone Fisher manage the dubious feat of turn one man 's triumph of will into everyman 's romance comedy . 
3	The bottom line be the piece work brilliantly . 
4	Ramsay be clearly extraordinarily talented , and base on three short film and two feature , here 's bet her third feature will be something to behold . 
1	Everything -- even life on an aircraft carrier -- be sentimentalize . 
4	Working from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written by Gianni Romoli ... Ozpetek avoid most of the pitfall you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up . 
1	Plot , character , drama , emotion , idea -- all be irrelevant to the experience of see The Scorpion King . 
1	It 's not helpful to listen to extremist name-calling , regardless of whether you think Kissinger be a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter . 
4	The film be visually dazzling , the depicted event dramatic , funny and poignant . 
3	Both an admirable reconstruction of terrible event , and a fitting memorial to the dead of that day , and of the thousand thereafter . 
3	Mindless yet impressively lean spinoff of last summer 's bloated effect fest The Mummy Returns . 
1	even after 90 minute of play opposite each other Bullock and Grant still look ill at ease share the same scene . 
4	Kudos to the most enchanting film of the year . 
0	I ca n't recommend it . 
3	Russian Ark be a new treasure of the Hermitage . 
3	The Rock be destine to be the 21st Century 's new `` Conan '' and that he 's go to make a splash even great than Arnold Schwarzenegger , Jean-Claud Van Damme or Steven Segal . 
4	The film be darkly funny in it observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work be than actual work . 
3	The picture 's fascinating byway be litter with trenchant satirical jab at the peculiar egocentricities of the act breed . 
2	It 's Jagger 's bone-dry , mournfully brittle delivery that give the film it bittersweet bite . 
1	-LRB- Lin Chung 's -RRB- voice be rather unexceptional , even irritate -LRB- at least to this Western ear -RRB- , make it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicate love triangle that develop between the three central character . 
1	It 's coherent , well shot , and tartly act , but it wear you down like a dinner guest show off his doctorate . 
4	An invaluable historical document thanks to the filmmaker 's extraordinary access to Massoud , whose charm , cultivation and devotion to his people be readily apparent . 
4	The two lead , nearly perfect in their role , bring a heart and reality that buoy the film , and at time , elevate it to a superior crime movie . 
1	The pairing do sound promise in theory ... but their lack of chemistry make Eddie Murphy and Robert DeNiro in Showtime look like old , familiar vaudeville partner . 
1	Disjointed parody . 
0	What we have be a character face with the possibility that her life be meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that be definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance . 
2	It 's tough be a black man in America , especially when the Man have take away your car , your work-hours and deny you health insurance . 
2	The kind of trifle that date night be invent for . . 
1	The plot have a number of hole , and at time it 's simply baffle . 
3	Seen in that light , Moonlight Mile should strike a nerve in many . 
2	Wobbly Senegalese updating of `` Carmen '' which be best for the stunning star turn by Djeinaba Diop Gai 
3	Plus , like I already mention ... it 's Robert Duvall ! 
4	Laugh-out-loud line , adorably ditsy but heartfelt performance , and sparkling , bittersweet dialogue that cut to the chase of the modern girl 's dilemma . 
1	- greaseball mob action-comedy . 
2	Explosions , joke , and sexual innuendo abound . 
1	It get old quickly . 
4	-LRB- A -RRB- thoughtful , visually graceful work . 
1	A standard police-oriented drama that , be it not for De Niro 's participation , would have likely wind up a TNT Original . 
2	He may have mean the Internet short Saving Ryan 's Privates . 
1	It 's a long way from Orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry -LRB- 1984 -RRB- to the empty stud knockabout of Equilibrium , and what once be conviction be now affectation . 
4	Raimi craft a complicate hero who be a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offering . 
3	This fascinating experiment play a more of a poetic than a strict reality , create an intriguing specie of artifice that give The Lady and the Duke something of a theatrical air . 
2	The plot 's clearly mythic structure may owe more to Disney 's strong sense of formula than to the original story . 
4	A poignant lyricism run through Balzac and the Little Chinese Seamstress that transform this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem . 
0	Unfortunately , One Hour Photo live down to it title . 
1	Director Uwe Boll and writer Robert Dean Klein fail to generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero catch up in an intricate plot that while cleverly work out , can not overcome blah character . 
2	Gere give a good performance in a film that do n't merit it . 
3	Rarely have skin look a beautiful , desirable , even delectable , a it do in Trouble Every Day . 
0	The pacing be often way off and there be too many bona fide groaner among too few laugh . 
2	Reyes ' word processor . 
2	In capture the understated comedic agony of an ever-ruminating , genteel yet decadent aristocracy that can no longer pay it bill , the film could just as well be address the turn of the 20th century into the 21st . 
0	In that setting , their struggle be simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting . 
3	Try a you might to resist , if you 've get a place in your heart for Smokey Robinson , this movie will worm it way there . 
3	Robert John Burke a The Monster horn in and steal the show . 
0	The result , however well-intentioned , be ironically just the sort of disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrate why the whole be so often less than the sum of it part in today 's Hollywood . 
2	A movie that at it best do n't just make the most out of it character ' flaw but insists on the virtue of imperfection . 
0	An incoherent jumble of a film that 's rarely as entertaining a it could have be . 
4	Is not so much a work of entertainment a it be a unique , well-crafted psychological study of grief . 
1	Just be n't as weird a it ought to be . 
3	With Spy Kids 2 : The Island of Lost Dreams , the Spy Kids franchise establish itself a a durable part of the movie landscape : a James Bond series for kid . 
1	Something must have be lose in the translation . 
0	Degenerates into hogwash . 
0	It 's a shame that the storyline and it underlying theme ... finally seem so impersonal or even shallow . 
3	There be little question that this be a serious work by an important director who have something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be play out . 
1	There 's some outrageously creative action in The Transporter ... -LRB- b -RRB- ut by the time Frank parachute down onto a moving truck , it 's just another cartoon with an unstoppable superman . 
4	... a rich and intelligent film that use it pulpy core conceit to probe question of attraction and interdependence and how the heart accomodates practical need . 
0	... a cheap , ludicrous attempt at serious horror . 
1	I ca n't say this enough : This movie be about an adult male dress in pink jammies . 
1	Every so often a film come along that be so insanely stupid , so awful in so many way that watch it leave you giddy . 
4	It 's the kind of effectively creepy-scary thriller that have you fixate on a far corner of the screen at time because your nerve just ca n't take it any more . 
2	Except a an acting exercise or an exceptionally dark joke , you wonder what anyone saw in this film that allow it to get make . 
3	If S & M seem like a strange route to true love , maybe it be , but it 's to this film 's -LRB- and it maker ' -RRB- credit that we believe that that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other -- and themselves . 
4	A dark , quirky road movie that constantly defy expectation . 
3	Scott Baio be turn in some delightful work on indie project . 
2	A frustrating yet deeply watchable melodrama that make you think it 's a tough picture than it be . 
2	Enchanted with low-life tragedy and liberally season with emotional outburst ... What be sorely miss , however , be the edge of wild , lunatic invention that we associate with Cage 's best acting . 
1	Impostor ca n't think of a thing to do with these character except have them run through dark tunnel , fight off various anonymous attacker , and evade elaborate surveillance technology . 
0	The 50-something lovebird be too immature and unappealing to care about . 
2	A life-size reenactment of those Jack Chick cartoon tract that always end with some hippie get toss into the lake of fire . 
3	Eyre be on his way to become the American Indian Spike Lee . 
1	Set in a 1986 Harlem that do n't look much like anywhere in New York . 
1	A well-crafted letdown . 
3	An unusually dry-eyed , even analytical approach to material that be generally play for maximum moisture . 
0	an appalling ` Ace Ventura ' rip-off that somehow manages to bring together Kevin Pollak , former wrestler Chyna and Dolly Parton . 
3	I simply ca n't recommend it enough . 
3	There 's lot of cool stuff pack into ESPN 's Ultimate X . 
1	A negligible British comedy . 
0	Do n't even bother to rent this on video . 
4	In addition to score high for originality of plot -- put together familiar theme of family , forgiveness and love in a new way -- Lilo & Stitch have a number of other asset to commend it to movie audience both innocent and jade . 
3	Faithful without be forceful , sad without be shrill , `` A Walk to Remember '' succeed through sincerity . 
4	A passionately inquisitive film determine to uncover the truth and hopefully inspire action . 
3	We want the funk - and this movie 's get it . 
3	The best of the Pierce Brosnan James Bond film to date . 
2	A decidedly mixed bag . 
1	This be Sandler run on empty , repeat what he 's already do way too often . 
0	I like my Christmas movie with more elf and snow and less pimp and ho 's . 
0	Their parent would do well to cram earplug in their ear and put pillowcase over their head for 87 minute . 
0	... Blade II be still top-heavy with blaze gun , cheatfully film martial art , disintegrate bloodsucker computer effect and jag camera move that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves . 
3	A spiffy animate feature about an unruly adolescent boy who be yearn for adventure and a chance to prove his worth . 
1	Everything 's serious , poetic , earnest and -- sadly -- dull . 
1	Nothing here seem as funny a it do in Analyze This , not even Joe Viterelli a De Niro 's right-hand goombah . 
1	It 's rare to see a movie that take such a speedy swan dive from `` promise '' to `` interest '' to `` familiar '' before land squarely on `` stupid '' . 
3	A portrait of hell so shatter it 's impossible to shake . 
1	The modern remake of Dumas 's story be long on narrative and -LRB- too -RRB- short on action . 
2	Die Another Day be only intermittently entertain but it 's hard not to be a sucker for it charm , or perhaps it 's just impossible not to feel nostalgia for movie you grow up with . 
3	Plunges you into a reality that be , more often then not , difficult and sad , and then , without sentimentalize it or deny it brutality , transform that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision . 
3	The level of act elevate the material above pat inspirational status and give it a sturdiness and solidity that we 've long associate with Washington the actor . 
4	Duvall be strong a always . 
2	But his showboating wise-cracker stock persona sure be get old . 
1	The Master of Disguise may have make a great Saturday Night Live sketch , but a great movie it be not . 
3	A true pleasure . 
1	With nary a glimmer of self-knowledge , -LRB- Crane -RRB- become more specimen than character -- and Auto Focus remain a chilly , clinical lab report . 
1	Qualities that be once amuse be become irritating . 
4	Moore provide an invaluable service by spark debate and encouraging thought . 
4	Exciting and well-paced . 
3	Daringly perceptive , taut , pierce and feisty , Biggie and Tupac be undeniably subversive and involve in it bold presentation . 
0	They be afraid to show this movie to reviewer before it opening , afraid of the bad review they think they 'd earn . 
3	capture that perverse element of the Kafkaesque where identity , overnight , be rob and replace with a persecute `` other . '' 
1	It 's not only dull because we 've see -LRB- Eddie -RRB- Murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot be equally hackneyed . 
4	-LRB- Breheny 's -RRB- lensing of the New Zealand and Cook Island location capture both the beauty of the land and the people . 
2	The movie certainly have it share of clever moment and bite dialogue , but there 's just not much lurking below it abstract surface . 
3	Strangely come off a a kingdom more mild than wild . 
2	In a word : No . . 
2	An exhaust family drama about a porcelain empire and just as hard a flick a it subject matter . 
3	Dog Soldiers do n't transcend genre -- it embrace it , energize it and take big bloody chomp out of it . 
4	Like the best 60 Minutes 
1	This be an exercise not in biography but in hero worship . 
4	It 's crafty , energetic and smart -- the kid be sort of like a fourteen-year old Ferris Bueller . 
2	The entire movie be fill with deja vu moment . 
4	As a science fiction movie , `` Minority Report '' astound . 
3	Broomfield remind u that beneath the hype , the celebrity , the high life , the conspiracy and the mystery there be once a couple of bright young men -- promising , talented , charismatic and tragically doom . 
1	Right now , they 're merely signposts mark the slow , linger death of imagination . 
3	Director Peter Kosminsky give these woman a forum to demonstrate their act ` chop ' and they take full advantage . 
0	Despite bear the Paramount imprint , it 's a bargain-basement European pickup . 
4	All in all , Brown Sugar be a satisfy well-made romantic comedy that 's both charming and well act . 
0	Stitch be a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little \*\*\*\* . 
2	It 's about time . 
4	A beautiful , timeless and universal tale of heated passion -- jealousy , betrayal , forgiveness and murder . 
2	The animation merely serve up a predictable , maudlin story that swipe heavily from Bambi and The Lion King , yet lack the emotional resonance of either of those movie . 
0	The most offensive thing about the movie be that Hollywood expect people to pay to see it . 
1	Made me unintentionally famous -- a the queasy-stomached critic who stagger from the theater and black out in the lobby . 
2	If you already like this sort of thing , this be that sort of thing all over again . 
0	Confusion be one of my least favourite emotion , especially when I have to put up with 146 minute of it . 
2	The movie ultimately rely a bit too heavily on grandstand , emotional , Rocky-like moment ... but it 's such a warm and charming package that you 'll feel too happy to argue much . 
2	A hidden-agenda drama that shout classic French nuance . 
2	It be a challenging film , if not always a narratively cohesive one . 
2	And how . 
1	Halfway through , however , have suck dry the undead action flick formula , Blade II mutate into a gross-out monster movie with effect that be more silly than scary . 
1	That frenetic spectacle -LRB- on the TV show -RRB- have usually be leaven by a charm that 's conspicuously miss from the Girls ' big-screen blowout . 
2	Many of the effective horror element be dampen through familiarity , -LRB- yet -RRB- be worthwhile . 
3	Though a touch too Arthouse 101 in it poetic symbolism , Heaven prove to be a good match of the sensibility of two director . 
3	-LRB- Sports -RRB- admirable energy , full-bodied characterization and narrative urgency . 
1	Even when Crush depart from the 4W formula ... it feel like a glossy rehash . 
2	By the end , you just do n't care whether that cold-hearted snake Petrovich -LRB- that would be Reno -RRB- get his comeuppance . 
3	What set it apart be the vision that Taymor , the avant garde director of Broadway 's The Lion King and the film Titus , bring . 
1	It 's easy to love Robin Tunney -- she 's pretty and she can act -- but it get hard and hard to understand her choice . 
1	A cross between Blow and Boyz N The Hood , this movie strive to be more , but do n't quite get there . 
0	Talky , artificial and opaque ... an interesting technical exercise , but a tedious picture . 
3	What enliven this film , beyond the astute direction of Cardoso and beautifully detailed performance by all of the actor , be a note of defiance over social dictate . 
4	Effective in all it aspect , Margarita Happy Hour represent an auspicious feature debut for Chaiken . 
1	Meandering and confuse . 
3	`` Nicholas Nickleby '' be a perfect family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` A Christmas Carol '' out in the theater this year . 
2	To the degree that ivans xtc . 
2	Pure of intention and passably diverting , His Secret Life be light , innocuous and unremarkable . 
2	Matches neorealism 's impact by show the humanity of a war-torn land fill with people who just want to live their life . 
3	The performance be amiable and committed , and the comedy more often than not hit the bullseye . 
3	A rich tale of our time , very well tell with an appropriate minimum of mean . 
0	Bread , My Sweet have so many flaw it would be easy for critic to shred it . 
3	While Bollywood\/Hollywood will undoubtedly provide it keen pleasure to those familiar with Bombay musical , it also have plenty for those -LRB- like me -RRB- who be n't . 
2	You could put it on a coffee table anywhere . 
1	At 90 minute this movie be short , but it feel much longer . 
3	Translating complex character from novel to the big screen be an impossible task but they be true to the essence of what it be to be Ya-Ya . 
1	If only it be , well , funny . 
3	No , I love it ... hell , I dunno . 
4	It 's an exhilarating place to visit , this laboratory of laughter . 
3	One of the best film I have ever see , constantly pull the rug from underneath u , see thing from new side , plunge deeper , get more intense . 
2	Like these Russo guy lookin ' for their Mamet instead find their Sturges . 
2	Culkin turn his character into what be basically an anti-Harry Potter -- right down to the Gryffindor scarf . 
3	Family fare . 
1	Beware the quirky Brit-com . 
1	But the cinematography be cloudy , the picture making becalm . 
0	Even if the entice prospect of a lot of nubile young actor in a film about campus depravity do n't fade amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness , it would be render tedious by Avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest . 
0	All the movie 's narrative gymnastics ca n't disguise the fact that it 's inauthentic at it core and that it story just be n't worth tell . 
3	Presents a side of contemporary Chinese life that many outsider will be surprise to know exists , and do so with an artistry that also smack of revelation . 
1	Suspend your disbelief here and now , or you 'll be shake your head all the way to the credit . 
3	The banter between Calvin and his fellow barber feel like a streetwise McLaughlin Group ... and never fail to entertain . 
4	The film be immensely enjoyable thanks to great performance by both Steve Buscemi and Rosario Dawson ... 
0	Looks more like a travel-agency video target at people who like to ride bike topless and roll in the mud than a worthwhile glimpse of independent-community guide light . 
1	A small independent film suffer from a severe case of Hollywood-itis . 
3	A much more successful translation than it most famous previous film adaptation , writer-director Anthony Friedman 's similarly updated 1970 British production . 
4	Writer-director David Jacobson and his star , Jeremy Renner , have make a remarkable film that explore the monster 's psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolve from human impulse that grow hideously twist . 
2	A portrait of an artist . 
3	A fun ride . 
4	This make Minority Report necessary view for sci-fi fan , a the film have some of the best special effect ever . 
1	... while each moment of this broken character study be rich in emotional texture , the journey do n't really go anywhere . 
3	Not all of the story work and the one that do be thin and scattered , but the film work well enough to make it worth watch . 
0	This be one of the big disappointment of the year . 
3	But it be entertain on an inferior level . 
2	It 's sincere to a fault , but , unfortunately , not very compel or much fun . 
2	The movie have generic virtue , and despite a lot of involved talent , seem do by the number . 
2	A road trip that will get you think , ` Are we there yet ? ' 
1	Stripped almost entirely of such tool a nudity , profanity and violence , LaBute do manage to make a few point about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection . 
3	Watching War Photographer , you come to believe that Nachtwey hat the war he show and empathize with the victim he reveal . 
0	To paraphrase a line from another Dickens ' novel , Nicholas Nickleby be too much like a fragment of an underdone potato . 
3	-LRB- Rises -RRB- above it oh-so-Hollywood rejiggering and it conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism . 
2	Like it predecessor , it 's no classic , but it provide a reasonably attractive holiday contraption , one that family look for a clean , kid-friendly outing should investigate . 
3	The direction have a fluid , no-nonsense authority , and the performance by Harris , Phifer and Cam ` ron seal the deal . 
2	Self-congratulatory , misguided , and ill-informed , if nonetheless compulsively watchable . 
0	An infuriating film . 
4	-LRB- Hayek -RRB- throw herself into this dream Hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto , she strike a potent chemistry with Molina and she gradually make u believe she be Kahlo . 
4	Call it magic realism or surrealism , but Miss Wonton float beyond reality with a certain degree of wit and dignity . 
1	There 's an admirable rigor to Jimmy 's relentless anger , and to the script 's refusal of a happy end , but a those monologue stretch on and on , you realize there 's no place for this story to go but down . 
1	Rymer do n't trust laugh -- and do n't conjure proper respect for follower of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effect . 
2	But here 's a glimpse at his life . 
1	Shreve 's graceful dual narrative get clunky on the screen , and we keep get tear away from the compelling historical tale to a less-compelling soap opera . 
0	To the civilize mind , a movie like Ballistic : Ecks Vs . Sever be more of an ordeal than an amusement . 
3	Ludicrous , but director Carl Franklin add enough flourish and freak-outs to make it entertain . 
3	The irony be that this film 's cast be uniformly superb ; their performance could have -- should have -- be allow to stand on their own . 
1	They just do n't work in concert . 
3	Robin Williams have thankfully ditch the saccharine sentimentality of Bicentennial Man in favour of an altogether darker side . 
2	The fourth in a series that I 'll bet most parent have think -- hop ! 
2	I ca n't . 
4	A whale of a good time for both child and parent seek Christian-themed fun . 
0	It 's difficult to conceive of anyone who have reach puberty actually find the character in Slackers or their antic amuse , let alone funny . 
1	Terminally bland , painfully slow and needlessly confuse ... The movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film , be frequently indecipherable . 
1	The movie 's blatant derivativeness be one reason it 's so lackluster . 
3	A reasonably entertaining sequel to 1994 's surprise family hit that may strain adult credibility . 
0	What a great shame that such a talented director a Chen Kaige have choose to make his English-language debut with a film so poorly plot and script . 
2	Directors Harry Gantz and Joe Gantz have choose a fascinating subject matter , but the couple expose themselves be n't all that interesting . 
1	No amount of blood and disintegrate vampire cadaver can obscure this movie 's lack of idea . 
4	A well-rounded tribute to a man whose achievement -- and complexity -- reach far beyond the end zone . 
1	Ice Cube be n't quite out of ripe screwball idea , but Friday After Next spread them pretty thin . 
2	... a fairly disposable yet still entertain B picture . 
3	Lawrence plumb personal tragedy and also the human comedy . 
1	Romething 's really wrong with this ricture ! 
3	Performances all around be top , with the two lead deliver Oscar-caliber performance . 
2	While Van Wilder may not be the bad National Lampoon film , it 's far from be this generation 's Animal House . 
3	It 's not particularly well make , but since I find myself howl more than cringing , I 'd say the film work . 
3	A sweet-tempered comedy that forgo the knee-jerk misogyny that pass for humor in so many teenage comedy . 
4	Smart , sassy interpretation of the Oscar Wilde play . 
3	Significantly good than it 2002 child 's - movie competition . 
2	Though it atmosphere be intrigue ... the drama be finally too predictable to leave much of an impression . 
0	The big-screen Scooby make the silly original cartoon seem smart and well-crafted in comparison . 
0	A deprave , incoherent , instantly disposable piece of hackery . 
2	You wo n't look at religious fanatic -- or backyard shed -- the same way again . 
3	So genial be the conceit , this be one of those rare picture that you root for throughout , dearly hop that the rich promise of the script will be realize on the screen . 
0	The following thing be not at all entertaining : The bad sound , the lack of climax and , bad of all , watch Seinfeld -LRB- who be also one of the film 's producer -RRB- do everything he can to look like a good guy . 
2	Chances be you wo n't , either . 
3	Chaiken ably balance real-time rhythm with propulsive incident . 
2	An exhilarate serving of movie fluff . 
0	The obnoxious special effect , the obligatory outburst of flatulence and the incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music on the soundtrack overwhelm what be leave of the scruffy , dopey old Hanna-Barbera charm . 
3	The movie be so thoughtlessly assemble . 
3	Antwone Fisher certainly do the trick of make u care about it protagonist and celebrate his victory but , with few exception , it rarely stoop to cheap manipulation or corny convention to do it . 
2	Goldmember be funny enough to justify the embarrassment of bring a barf bag to the moviehouse . 
1	... Pray do n't have a passion for the material . 
4	It work it magic with such exuberance and passion that the film 's length become a part of it fun . 
1	The hackneyed story about an affluent damsel in distress who decide to fight her bully of a husband be simply too overdone . 
0	All the Queen 's Men be a throwback war movie that fail on so many level , it should pay reparation to viewer . 
1	Blue Crush have all the trapping of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure , but end up more of a creaky `` Pretty Woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that give pic it title an afterthought . 
2	Yes they can swim , the title be merely Anne-Sophie Birot 's off-handed way of say girl find adolescence difficult to wade through . 
3	It establish it ominous mood and tension swiftly , and if the suspense never rise to a high level , it be nevertheless maintain throughout . 
3	The script be smart and dark - hallelujah for small favor . 
3	As part of Mr. Dong 's continue exploration of homosexuality in America , Family Fundamentals be an earnest study in despair . 
3	Makes the case for a strong education and good teacher be more valuable in the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem , and not strictly in the knowledge impart . 
1	Diane Lane 's sophisticated performance ca n't rescue Adrian Lyne 's Unfaithful from it sleazy moralizing . 
3	A gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that make you feel genuinely good , that be to say , entirely unconned by false sentiment or sharp , overmanipulative Hollywood practice . 
2	Even with Harris 's strong effort , the script give him little to effectively probe Lear 's soul-stripping breakdown . 
0	A zombie movie in every sense of the word -- mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious . 
3	Lathan and Diggs carry the film with their charisma , and both exhibit sharp comic timing that make the more hackneyed element of the film easy to digest . 
3	Fontaine masterfully create a portrait of two strong men in conflict , inextricably entwine through family history , each see himself in the other , neither like what he see . 
3	Straightforward and old-fashioned in the best possible sens of both those word , Possession be a movie that put itself squarely in the service of the lover who inhabit it . 
2	Performances be potent , and the woman 's story be ably intercut and involve . 
2	-LRB- It -RRB- have the feel of a summer popcorn movie . 
3	My Big Fat Greek Wedding be that rare animal know a ' a perfect family film , ' because it 's about family . 
1	Not good enough to pass for a litmus test of the generation gap and not bad enough to repulse any generation of it fan . 
3	Like it bizarre heroine , it irrigate our soul . 
2	But this be Lohman 's film . 
0	If this be cinema , I pledge allegiance to Cagney and Lacey . 
0	Constantly slip from the grasp of it maker . 
2	In try to be dare and original , it come off a only occasionally satirical and never fresh . 
3	Rouge be less about a superficial midlife crisis than it be about the need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80 . 
1	A simpler , leaner treatment would have be preferable ; after all , be about nothing be sometimes funny than be about something . 
1	The April 2002 instalment of the American War for Independence , complete with load of CGI and bushel of violence , but not a drop of human blood . 
3	By the end you ca n't help but feel ` stoke . ' 
4	Colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical ... the rare sequel that 's good than it predecessor . 
2	Eccentric enough to stave off doldrums , Caruso 's self-conscious debut be also eminently forgettable . 
1	Originality be sorely lacking . 
3	Polished , well-structured film . 
0	Lazy , miserable and smug . 
4	It 's funny , touch , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot . 
0	Each scene immediately succumb to gravity and plummet to earth . 
4	While it 's nothing we have n't see before from Murphy , I Spy be still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it 's more than a worthwhile effort . 
2	This version of H.G . Wells ' Time Machine be direct by H.G . Wells ' great-grandson . 
4	It be different from others in it genre in that it be do not rely on dumb gag , anatomical humor , or character cliche ; it primarily rely on character to tell it story . 
0	An amateurish , quasi-improvised act exercise shot on ugly digital video . 
2	Anyone else see this before ? 
3	A meditation on faith and madness , Frailty be blood-curdling stuff . 
3	If you like blood , gut and crazy beast stalk men with gun though ... you will likely enjoy this monster . 
1	It 's only in fairy tale that princesses that be marry for political reason live happily ever after . 
1	After all , it 'll probably be in video store by Christmas , and it might just be well suit to a night in the living room than a night at the movie . 
3	There 's much tongue in cheek in the film and there 's no doubt the filmmaker be have fun with it all . 
0	A listless sci-fi comedy in which Eddie Murphy deploy two guise and elaborate futuristic set to no particularly memorable effect . 
0	It 's so badly make on every level that I 'm actually have a hard time believe people be pay to make it . 
2	Twist open the Ouzo ! 
0	Sewer rat could watch this movie and be so skeeved out that they 'd need a shower . 
4	A hugely rewarding experience that 's every bit a enlightening , insightful and entertaining a Grant 's two best film -- Four Weddings and a Funeral and Bridget Jones 's Diary . 
3	The film jolt the laugh from the audience -- a if by cattle prod . 
2	With Rare Birds , a with The Shipping News before it , an attempt be make to transplant a Hollywood star into Newfoundland 's wild soil -- and The Rock once again resist the intrusion . 
4	What make this film special be Serry 's ability to take what be essentially a contain family conflict and put it into a much large historical context . 
3	It 's a setup so easy it border on facile , but keep the film from cheap-shot mediocrity be it crack cast . 
1	If swimfan do catch on , it may be because teen be look for something to make them laugh . 
3	A hard look at one man 's occupational angst and it subsequent reinvention , a terrify study of bourgeois desperation worthy of Claude Chabrol . 
2	Granddad of Le Nouvelle Vague , Jean-Luc Godard continue to baffle the faithful with his game of hide-and-seek . 
2	Like an episode of MTV 's Undressed , with 20 time the creativity but without any more substance ... indulgently entertain but could have and should have be deep . 
0	A grand fart come from a director begin to resemble someone 's crazy French grandfather . 
2	Jackson try to keep the plate spin as best he can , but all the bounce back and forth ca n't help but become a bit tedious -- even with the breathtaking landscape and villainous varmint there to distract you from the ricocheting . 
1	Like a medium-grade network sitcom -- mostly inoffensive , fitfully amuse , but ultimately so weightless that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen . 
4	A film in a class with Spike Lee 's masterful Do The Right Thing . 
1	Is it possible for a documentary to be utterly entrance by it subject and still show virtually no understanding of it ? 
3	Scotland look wonderful , the fan be often funny fanatic , the showdown sure beat a bad day of golf . 
3	have a whip-smart sense of narrative bluff . 
3	A solidly entertaining little film . 
3	Films about loss , grief and recovery be pretty valuable these day . 
0	I find it slow , predictable and not very amuse . 
4	By turn touch , raucously amuse , uncomfortable , and , yes , even sexy , Never Again be a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre . 
3	There be deeply religious and spiritual people in this world who would argue that enter a church , synagogue or temple do n't mean you have to check your brain at the door . 
3	out ballsy and stylish 
2	Hardman be a grating , mannered onscreen presence , which be especially unfortunate in light of the fine work do by most of the rest of her cast . 
3	An undeniably gorgeous , terminally smitten document of a troubadour , his acolyte , and the triumph of his band . 
1	the attempt to complicate the story only defy credibility 
0	If you 're over 25 , have an IQ over 90 , and have a driver 's license , you should be able to find good entertainment . 
1	The film be produce by Jerry Bruckheimer and direct by Joel Schumacher , and reflect the bad of their shallow style : wildly overproduce , inadequately motivate every step of the way and demographically target to please every one -LRB- and no one -RRB- . 
3	Highlighted by a gritty style and an excellent cast , it 's good than one might expect when you look at the list of movie star Ice-T in a major role . 
4	The film be moody , ooze , chill and heart-warming all at once ... a twisting , unpredictable , cat-and-mouse thriller . 
1	Believability be n't one of the film 's virtue . 
4	Much of All About Lily Chou-Chou be mesmerize : some of it plaintiveness could make you weep . 
2	Mandel Holland 's direction be uninspired , and his script unsurprising , but the performance by Phifer and Black be ultimately win . 
1	We do n't even like their character . 
1	It be parochial , accessible to a choose few , standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggest a superior moral tone be more important than filmmaking skill 
3	It 's full of cheesy dialogue , but great trashy fun that finally return De Palma to his pulpy thriller of the early '80s . 
1	It 's bedevil by labored writing and slack direction . 
0	Comes off a a long , laborious whine , the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man . 
2	There have to be a few advantage to never grow old . 
3	An often watchable , though goofy and lurid , blast of a costume drama set in the late 15th century . 
3	For his first attempt at film noir , Spielberg present a fascinating but flaw look at the near future . 
4	Every moment crackle with tension , and by the end of the flick , you 're on the edge of your seat . 
3	K-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema a one of the great submarine story , but it be an engaging and excite narrative of Man confront the Demons of his own fear and paranoia . 
3	Angel present event partly from the perspective of Aurelie and Christelle , and infuse the film with the sensibility of a particularly nightmarish fairytale . 
1	Guys say mean thing and shoot a lot of bullet . 
4	Like blend shade of lipstick , these component combine into one terrific story with lot of laugh . 
1	Solondz may be convince that he have something significant to say , but he be n't talk a talk that appeal to me . 
2	The obligatory break-ups and hook-ups do n't seem to have much emotional impact on the character . 
3	It may ... work a a jaunt down memory lane for teen and young adult who grow up on televise Scooby-Doo show or rerun . 
1	Could a easily have be call ` Under Siege 3 : In Alcatraz ' ... a cinematic corpse that never spring to life . 
4	Whatever one make of it political edge , this be beautiful filmmaking from one of French cinema 's master craftsman . 
3	Much of it be funny , but there be also some startling , surrealistic moment ... 
0	Has all the scenic appeal of a cesspool . 
3	work , it 's thanks to Huston 's revelatory performance . 
1	What 's bad be that Pelosi know it . 
1	Told in scattered fashion , the movie only intermittently live up to the story and face and music of the men who be it subject . 
1	The Mothman Prophecies , which be mostly a bore , seem to exist only for it climactic setpiece . 
3	The action sequence be fun and reminiscent of combat scene from the Star Wars series . 
2	An easy watch , except for the annoy demeanour of it lead character . 
3	A bittersweet drama about the limbo of grief and how truth-telling can open the door to liberation . 
4	Ferrara 's strong and most touching movie of recent year . 
3	Crudup 's screen presence be the one thing that hold interest in the midst of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their family . 
3	Hardly a film that come along every day . 
3	By the end of the movie , you 're definitely convinced that these woman be spectacular . 
2	Your appreciation of it will depend on what experience you bring to it and what association you choose to make . 
1	Here , common sense fly out the window , along with the hail of bullet , none of which ever seem to hit Sascha . 
1	To get at the root psychology of this film would require many session on the couch of Dr. Freud . 
3	Not a film for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of u -- especially San Francisco lover -- it 's a spirited film and a must-see . 
3	It 's hard to quibble with a flick boast this many genuine cackle , but Notorious C.H.O . still feel like a promising work-in-progress . 
1	One-sided documentary offer simplistic explanation to a very complex situation . 
3	All in all , an interesting look at the life of the campaign-trail press , especially one that do n't really care for the candidate they 're force to follow . 
3	Hugh Grant 's act be so consuming that sometimes it 's difficult to tell who the other actor in the movie be . 
3	Although Frailty fit into a classic genre , in it script and execution it be a remarkably original work . 
0	Brisk hack job . 
3	Malcolm McDowell be cool . 
2	Your taste for Jonah - A Veggie Tales Movie may well depend on your threshold for pop manifestation of the Holy Spirit . 
4	An exhilarating experience . 
2	both overstuffed and undernourish ... The film ca n't be call a solid success , although there 's plenty of evidence here to indicate Clooney might have good luck next time . 
2	... Myers have turn his franchise into the movie version of an adolescent dirty-joke book do up in post-Tarantino pop-culture riff ... 
2	Especially compare with the television series that inspire the movie . 
3	More of the same from Taiwanese auteur Tsai Ming-liang , which be good news to anyone who 's fall under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous film . 
3	Worth see just for Weaver and LaPaglia . 
0	This 90-minute dud could pass for Mike Tyson 's E ! 
1	But mainstream audience will find little of interest in this film , which be often preachy and poorly act . 
2	With miscast lead , banal dialogue and an absurdly overblown climax , Killing Me Softly belong firmly in the so-bad-it 's - good camp . 
3	An encouraging effort from McCrudden 
4	Watching these eccentric be both inspire and pure joy . 
0	Suffers from a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject a monstrous and pathetic a Dahmer demand . 
1	It have the air of a surprisingly juvenile lark , a pop-influenced prank whose charm be immediately apparent and wear thin with repetition . 
4	Transcends it agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at time sublime , visuals and offer a fascinating glimpse into the subculture of extreme athlete whose derring-do put the X into the game . 
3	The people in Jessica be so recognizable and true that , a in real life , we 're never sure how thing will work out . 
2	Thanks to Ice Cube , Benjamins feel an awful lot like Friday in Miami . 
3	The work of a filmmaker who have secret bury at the heart of his story and know how to take time reveal them . 
1	It 's a lot to ask people to sit still for two hour and change watching such a character , especially when render in a flat and impassive a manner a Phoenix 's . 
3	While Broomfield 's film do n't capture the effect of these tragic death on hip-hop culture , it succeed a a powerful look at a failure of our justice system . 
1	When it come to the battle of Hollywood v . Woo , it look like Woo 's a P.O.W . 
3	The sentimental cliche mar an otherwise excellent film . 
3	An extremely funny , ultimately heartbreaking look at life in contemporary China . 
3	Finally , the French-produced `` Read My Lips '' be a movie that understand character must come first . 
2	The movie just have too much on it plate to really stay afloat for it just under ninety minute run time . 
2	Gaghan 
2	While Glover , the irrepressible eccentric of River 's Edge , Dead Man and Back to the Future , be perfect cast for the role , he represent Bartleby 's main overall flaw . 
0	Long before it 's over , you 'll be think of 51 way to leave this loser . 
3	According to the script , Grant and Bullock 's character be make for each other . 
1	This low-rent -- and even lower-wit -- rip-off of the Farrelly brother ' oeuvre get way too mushy -- and in a relatively short amount of time . 
2	The real question this movie pose be not ` Who ? ' 
3	It do give a taste of the Burning Man ethos , an appeal blend of counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity . 
4	delightfully render 
1	-LRB- Seagal 's -RRB- strenuous attempt at a change in expression could very well clinch him this year 's Razzie . 
0	-LRB- A -RRB- crushing disappointment . 
1	Like the excruciate End of Days , Collateral Damage present Schwarzenegger a a tragic figure , but sympathy really belongs with any viewer force to watch him try out so many complicate facial expression . 
1	A battle between bug-eye theatre and dead-eye matinee . 
0	No amount of burning , blasting , stabbing , and shoot can hide a weak script . 
1	Not a strike against Yang 's similarly theme Yi Yi , but I find What Time ? 
3	Nohe 's documentary about the event be sympathetic without be gullible : He be n't blind to the silliness , but also capture moment of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction . 
3	A film of idea and wry comic mayhem . 
3	There 's something to be say for a studio-produced film that never bother to hand viewer a suitcase full of easy answer . 
1	All too familiar ... basically the sort of cautionary tale that be old when ` Angels With Dirty Faces ' appear in 1938 . 
4	A gem of a romantic crime comedy that turn out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable . 
1	Austin Powers in Goldmember be a cinematic car wreck , a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall that nevertheless will leave fan clamor for another ride . 
1	Even Murphy 's expert comic timing and famed charisma ca n't rescue this effort . 
3	It 's incredible the number of story the Holocaust have generate . 
4	This be an interesting movie ! '' 
1	The dialogue be cumbersome , the simper soundtrack and edit more so . 
2	Yo , it 's The Days Of Our Lives meet Electric Boogaloo . 
1	The movie be genial but never inspire , and little about it will stay with you . 
3	That old adage about woman be unknowable get an exhilarate new interpretation in Morvern Callar . 
3	Pray have really do his subject justice . 
1	It 's a shame the marvelous first 101 minute have to be combine with the misconceive final 5 . 
1	Are we deal with dream , vision or be tell what actually happen a if it be the third end of Clue ? 
3	As dumb and cheesy a they may be , the cartoon look almost Shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watch this digital-effects-heavy , suppose family-friendly comedy . 
0	One of those strained caper movie that 's hardly any fun to watch and begin to vaporize from your memory minute after it end . 
3	A well-put-together piece of urban satire . 
1	A few zinger aside , the writing be indifferent , and Jordan Brady 's direction be prosaic . 
3	Deflated end aside , there 's much to recommend the film . 
0	To call this film a lump of coal would only be to flatter it . 
4	A weird and wonderful comedy . 
1	Wishy-washy . 
0	Hypnotically dull , relentlessly downbeat , laughably predictable wail pitch to the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry . 
1	Writer-director Stephen Gaghan have make the near-fatal mistake of be what the English call ` too clever by half . ' 
4	A compelling pre-WWII drama with vivid character and a warm , move message . 
2	If there 's one big point to Promises , it 's that nothing can change while physical and psychological barrier keep the side from speak even one word to each other . 
0	be never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surround it ludicrous and contrive plot . ' 
3	Savvy director Robert J. Siegel and his co-writers keep the story subtle and u in suspense . 
1	The script have less spice than a rat burger and The Rock 's fighting skill be more in line with Steven Seagal . 
2	Sensitively examine general issue of race and justice among the poor , and specifically raise serious question about the death penalty and ask what good the execution of a mentally challenge woman could possibly do . 
3	In The Pianist , Polanski be say what he have long want to say , confront the root of his own preoccupation and obsession , and he allow nothing to get in the way . 
1	I felt trap and with no obvious escape for the entire 100 minute . 
1	The action quickly sink into by-the-numbers territory . 
3	Some Body be a shaky , uncertain film that nevertheless touch a few raw nerve . 
3	At the end , when the now computerized Yoda finally reveal his martial artistry , the film ascend to a kinetic life so teem that even cranky adult may rediscover the quiver kid inside . 
3	Rarely , a movie be more than a movie . 
0	Lacks the inspiration of the original and have a bloat plot that stretch the running time about 10 minute past a child 's interest and an adult 's patience . 
3	A strong and confident work which work so well for the first 89 minute , but end so horrendously confuse in the final two 
2	Merchant have n't direct this movie so much a produce it -- like sausage . 
3	Everything in Maid in Manhattan be exceedingly pleasant , design not to offend . 
3	The series ' message about make the right choice in the face of tempt alternative remain prominent , a do the girl ' amuse personality . 
2	Adam SANDLER ! 
1	The problem be that the movie have no idea of it be serious or not . 
1	It 's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness , and where Human Nature should be ingratiate , it 's just grating . 
3	A touching , sophisticated film that almost seem like a documentary in the way it capture an Italian immigrant family on the brink of major change . 
4	Spectacularly beautiful , not to mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing . 
0	Thoroughly awful . 
2	Despite Hoffman 's best effort , Wilson remain a silent , lumpish cipher ; his encounter reveal nothing about who he be or who he be before . 
3	A summer entertainment adult can see without feel embarrass , but it could have be more . 
3	Intimate and panoramic . 
4	These people be really go to love The Piano Teacher . 
4	, The Sum of All Fears be simply a well-made and satisfying thriller . 
3	It be philosophy , illustrate through everyday event . 
1	Another useless recycling of a brutal mid - '70s American sport movie . 
2	A plodding look at the French Revolution through the eye of aristocrat . 
2	Ali 's graduation from little screen to big be far less painful than his open scene encounter with an over-amorous terrier . 
4	There be a welcome lack of pretension about the film , which very simply set out to entertain and end up deliver in good measure . 
1	Could this be the first major studio production shot on video tape instead of film ? 
2	Ice Age posit a heretofore unfathomable question : Is it possible for computer-generated character to go through the motion ? 
2	Walsh ca n't quite negotiate the many inconsistency in Janice 's behavior or compensate for them by sheer force of charm . 
3	The screenplay never let u forget that Bourne be once an amoral assassin just like the one who be pursue him ... There be never really a true `` u '' versus `` them '' . 
3	There 's real visual charge to the filmmaking , and a strong erotic spark to the most crucial lip-reading sequence . 
0	Does n't add up to much . 
0	Please , someone , stop Eric Schaeffer before he make another film . 
3	Tsai Ming-liang 's witty , wistful new film , What Time Is It There ? 
4	A lively and engage examination of how similar obsession can dominate a family . 
4	With each of her three protagonist , Miller eloquently capture the moment when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , be about to turn onto a different path . 
2	I do n't think so . 
4	There be n't too many film that can be a simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming -LRB- without a thick shmear of the goo , at least -RRB- , but `` Elling '' manage to do all three quite well , make it one of the year 's most enjoyable release . 
1	And in a sense , that 's a liability . 
4	Both heartbreaking and heartwarming ... just a simple fable do in an artless sytle , but it 's tremendously move . 
3	It 's unlikely we 'll see a good thriller this year . 
3	Deliberately and devotedly construct , Far from Heaven be too picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like , too obviously a recreation to resonate . 
1	The trouble be , it filmmaker run out of clever idea and visual gag about halfway through . 
1	It 's just plain lurid when it be n't downright silly . 
0	director Hoffman , his writer and Kline 's agent should serve detention 
2	Nor be it a romantic comedy . 
3	-LRB- Jeff 's -RRB- gorgeous , fluid composition , underline by Neil Finn and Edmund McWilliams 's melancholy music , be charge with metaphor , but rarely easy , obvious or self-indulgent . 
3	Whereas Oliver Stone 's conspiracy thriller JFK be long , intricate , star-studded and visually flashy , Interview with the Assassin draw it considerable power from simplicity . 
0	I can analyze this movie in three word : Thumbs Friggin ' Down . 
1	It 's all arty and jazzy and people sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talk and it 's all about the silence and if you 're into that , have at it . 
1	The feature-length stretch ... strain the show 's concept . 
0	The most surprising thing about this film be that they be actually release it into theater . 
3	The film have the high-buffed gloss and high-octane jolt you expect of De Palma , but what make it transport be that it 's also one of the smart , most pleasurable expression of pure movie love to come from an American director in year . 
1	A mess . 
2	A dopey movie clothe in excess layer of hipness . 
3	Standing by Yourself be haunt ... -LRB- It 's -RRB- what punk rock music use to be , and what the video medium could use more of : spirit , perception , conviction . 
2	Gone be the flamboyant mannerism that be the trademark of several of his performance . 
0	This be surely one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured Christmas season pic ever deliver by a Hollywood studio . 
2	It 's good than mid-range Steven Seagal , but not as sharp a Jet Li on rollerblade . 
1	Filled with low-brow humor , gratuitous violence and a disturbing disregard for life . 
1	It should be interesting , it should be poignant , it turn out to be affect and boring . 
4	With an unflappable air of decadent urbanity , Everett remain a perfect Wildean actor , and a relaxed Firth display impeccable comic skill . 
2	Wins my vote for ` The 2002 Enemy of Cinema ' Award . 
3	The film 's message of tolerance and diversity be n't particularly original , but one ca n't help but be draw in by the sympathetic character . 
4	A serious movie with serious idea . 
3	Steers refreshingly clear of the usual cliche . 
1	Too bad Maggio could n't come up with a good script . 
0	About the only thing to give the movie point for be bravado -- to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience 's meat grinder one more time . 
3	A fairly enjoyable mixture of Longest Yard ... and the 1999 Guy Ritchie caper Lock Stock and Two Smoking Barrels . 
3	Thought-provoking and stylish , if also somewhat hermetic . 
1	I also believe that Resident Evil be not it . 
3	Hashiguchi vividly capture the way young Japanese live now , chafe against their culture 's manic mix of millennial brusqueness and undying , traditional politesse . 
1	Though it 's not very well shot or compose or edit , the score be too insistent and the dialogue be frequently overwrought and crudely literal , the film shatters you in wave . 
4	A lovely film ... elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior unabashedly romantic ... hugely enjoyable in it own right though not really faithful to it source 's complexity . 
1	A movie that harp on media-constructed ` issue ' like whether compromise be the death of self ... this Orgasm -LRB- wo n't be an -RRB- exceedingly memorable one for most people . 
4	Both a successful adaptation and an enjoyable film in it own right . 
1	Mediocre fable from Burkina Faso . 
3	A lot of the credit for the film 's win tone must go to Grant , who have n't lose a bit of the dry humor that first make audience on both side of the Atlantic love him . 
1	little action , almost no suspense or believable tension , one-dimensional character up the wazoo and set that can only be describe a sci-fi generic . 
1	It 's exactly the kind of movie Toback 's detractor always accuse him of make . 
1	This odd , distant Portuguese import more or less borrows from Bad Lieutenant and Les Vampires , and come up with a kind of art-house gay porn film . 
3	Maryam be a small film , but it offer large reward . 
4	While center on the life experience of a particular theatrical family , this marvelous documentary touch -- ever so gracefully -- on the entire history of the Yiddish theater , both in America and Israel . 
1	The first mistake , I suspect , be cast Shatner a a legendary professor and Kunis a a brilliant college student -- where 's Pauly Shore a the rocket scientist ? 
3	A faster pace family flick . 
4	Rifkin 's reference be ... impeccable throughout . 
4	This odd , poetic road movie , spike by jolt of pop music , pretty much take place in Morton 's ever-watchful gaze -- and it 's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director , that the journey be such a mesmerize one . 
1	Contains the humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence of a bad sitcom . 
1	A movie that the less charitable might describe a a castrated cross between Highlander and Lolita . 
1	It star schticky Chris Rock and stolid Anthony Hopkins , who seem barely in the same movie . 
4	The film do a solid job of slowly , steadily build up to the climactic burst of violence . 
2	Same guy with both hat . 
3	You 've already see City by the Sea under a variety of title , but it 's worth yet another visit . 
2	Unfortunately , neither Sendak nor the director be particularly engage or articulate . 
1	It 's not as awful a some of the recent Hollywood trip tripe ... but it 's far from a groundbreaking endeavor . 
4	Greg Kinnear give a mesmerizing performance a a full-fledged sex addict who be in complete denial about his obsessive behavior . 
2	Try Hell House , which document the cautionary Christian spook-a-rama of the same name . 
1	Barney throw away the goodwill the first half of his movie generates by orchestrate a finale that be impenetrable and dull . 
1	I could just feel the screenwriter at every moment ` Tap , tap , tap , tap , tap away ' on this screenplay . 
4	Its engage simplicity be drive by appeal lead . 
4	Lan Yu be a genuine love story , full of traditional layer of awaken and ripen and separation and recovery . 
1	Enough be not a bad movie , just mediocre . 
1	We 're leave with a story that try to grab u , only to keep let go at all the wrong moment . 
0	A generic family comedy unlikely to be appreciate by anyone outside the under-10 set . 
2	It 's just plain boring . 
1	Plays like one of those conversation that Comic Book Guy on `` The Simpsons '' have . 
4	While Parker and co-writer Catherine di Napoli be faithful to Melville 's plotline , they and a fully engage support cast ... have make the old boy 's character more quick-witted than any English Lit major would have think possible . 
3	The result put a human face on Derrida , and make one of the great mind of our time interesting and accessible to people who normally could n't care less . 
1	Memorable for a peculiar malaise that render it tension flaccid and , by extension , it surprise limp and it resolution ritual . 
3	The bodily function joke be about what you 'd expect , but there be rich vein of funny stuff in this movie . 
2	The director and her capable cast appear to be catch in a heady whirl of New Age-inspired good intention , but the spell they cast be n't the least bit mesmerize . 
4	Road to Perdition do display greatness , and it 's worth see . 
0	You 'll cry for your money back . 
3	The picture use humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discover your destination in life , but also acknowledge the place , and the people , from whence you come . 
1	Starts promisingly but disintegrate into a dreary , humorless soap opera . 
2	Either a fascinating study of the relationship between mother and their child or a disturbing story about sociopath and their mark . 
3	You will likely prefer to keep on watching . 
2	-LRB- Garbus -RRB- discard the potential for pathological study , exhume instead , the skewed melodrama of the circumstantial situation . 
2	Even though it be infuse with the sensibility of a video director , it do n't make for completely empty entertainment 
2	Only in it final surprising shot do Rabbit-Proof Fence find the authority it 's look for . 
3	A certain sexiness underline even the dull tangent . 
1	While it 's all quite tasteful to look at , the attention process tend to do a little fleeing of it own . 
4	One of those rare film that seem a though it be write for no one , but somehow manage to convince almost everyone that it be put on the screen , just for them . 
1	Watch Barbershop again if you 're in need of a Cube fix -- this be n't worth sit through . 
0	You could easily mistake it for a sketchy work-in-progress that be inexplicably rush to the megaplexes before it time . 
1	A sour attempt at make a Farrelly Brothers-style , down-and-dirty laugher for the female set . 
1	There be just too many character say too many clever thing and get into too many pointless situation . 
2	There be so much plodding sensitivity . 
2	But be warn , you too may feel time have decide to stand still . 
0	Hey everybody , wan na watch a movie in which a guy dress a a child 's party clown get violently gang-rape ? 
1	All three description suit Evelyn , a besotted and obvious drama that tell u nothing new . 
2	Courtney CHASES Stuart with a CELL PHONE . 
3	Boasts a handful of virtuosic set piece and offer a fair amount of trashy , kinky fun . 
4	If ever a concept come hand down from the movie god on a silver platter , this be it . 
3	Wiseman be patient and uncompromising , let his camera observe and record the life of woman tear apart by a legacy of abuse . 
2	Admirably ambitious but self-indulgent . 
3	Can be view a pure composition and form -- film a music 
4	Skillfully weave both the element of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combine heat sexuality with a haunt sense of malaise . 
0	The premise itself be just SOOOOO tire . 
1	As violent , profane and exploitative a the most offensive action flick you 've ever see . 
4	One of the best movie of the year . 
1	Any film that do n't even in pass mention political prisoner , poverty and the boat load of people who try to escape the country be less a documentary and more propaganda by way of a valentine seal with a kiss . 
3	Late Marriage be an in-your-face family drama and black comedy that be fill with raw emotion convey despair and love . 
3	But it do have one save grace . 
4	A first-class , thoroughly involve B movie that effectively combine two surefire , beloved genre -- the prison flick and the fight film . 
1	Kaufman 's script be never especially clever and often be rather pretentious . 
3	Despite a quieter middle section , involve Aragorn 's dream of Arwen , this be even good than The Fellowship . 
1	play like an unbalanced mixture of graphic combat footage and almost saccharine domestic interlude that be pure Hollywood . 
4	Scooby Doo be surely everything it fan be hop it will be , and in that sense be a movie that deserve recommendation . 
4	Kids should have a stirring time at this beautifully draw movie . 
2	Recoing 's fantastic performance do n't exactly reveal what make Vincent tick , but perhaps any definitive explanation for it would have felt like a cheat . 
1	It all look and play like a $ 40 million version of a game you 're more likely to enjoy on a computer . 
1	The movie be about as deep a that sentiment . 
1	Woo have as much right to make a huge action sequence a any director , but how long will filmmaker copy the `` Saving Private Ryan '' battle scene before realize Steven Spielberg get it right the first time ? 
1	` Unfaithful ' cheat on itself and retreat to comfortable territory . 
3	High drama , Disney-style - a wing and a prayer and a hunky has-been pursue his castle in the sky . 
2	Works because we 're never sure if Ohlinger 's on the level or merely a dying , delusional man try to get into the history book before he croak . 
2	Bravo reveal the true intent of her film by carefully select interview subject who will construct a portrait of Castro so predominantly charitable it can only be see a propaganda . 
1	The very definition of what critic have come to term an `` ambitious failure . '' 
2	Ah , the travail of metropolitan life ! 
0	No film could possibly be more contemptuous of the single female population . 
0	It 's Splash without the joke . 
2	Despite it raucous intent , XXX be as conventional a a Nike ad and as rebellious a spring break . 
4	This be a finely write , superbly act offbeat thriller . 
3	If not a home run , then at least a solid base hit . 
3	I 've yet to find an actual Vietnam War combat movie actually produce by either the North or South Vietnamese , but at least now we 've get something pretty damn close . 
0	We never truly come to care about the main character and whether or not they 'll wind up together , and Michele 's spiritual quest be neither amuse nor dramatic enough to sustain interest . 
2	You 'll get the enjoyable basic minimum . 
4	A shimmeringly lovely coming-of-age portrait , shot in artful , watery tone of blue , green and brown . 
3	The Salton Sea have moment of inspired humour , though every scrap be of the dark variety . 
1	Bears about as much resemblance to the experience of most battered woman a Spider-Man do to the experience of most teenager . 
1	Has all the value of a straight-to-video movie , but because it have a bigger-name cast , it get a full theatrical release . 
4	The soundtrack alone be worth the price of admission . 
3	It 's very Beavis and Butthead , yet always seem to elicit a chuckle . 
3	Connoisseurs of Chinese film will be please to discover that Tian 's meticulous talent have not wither during his enforced hiatus . 
4	-LRB- Taymor -RRB- utilize the idea of make Kahlo 's art a living , breathe part of the movie , often catapult the artist into her own work . 
0	This be rote spookiness , with nary an original idea -LRB- or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really -RRB- in sight , and the whole of the proceeding beg the question ` Why ? ' 
3	Beautiful , angry and sad , with a curious sick poetry , a if the Marquis de Sade have go in for pastel landscape . 
1	Fluffy neo-noir hiding behind cutesy film reference . 
1	... a cinematic disaster so inadvertently sidesplitting it 's worth the price of admission for the ridicule factor alone . 
2	An overwrought Taiwanese soaper about three people and their mixed-up relationship . 
1	What little grace -LRB- Rifkin 's -RRB- tale of precarious skid-row dignity achieves be push into the margin by predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics . 
1	The locale ... remain far more interesting than the story at hand . 
4	The story ... be inspire , ironic , and revelatory of just how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really be . 
2	Though Frodo 's quest remain unfulfilled , a hardy group of determined New Zealanders have prove it creative mettle . 
4	Brutally honest and tell with humor and poignancy , which make it message resonate . 
3	Human Nature be a goofball movie , in the way that Malkovich be , but it try too hard . 
3	It 's rare for any movie to be a subtle and touch a The Son 's Room . 
0	A low-budget affair , Tadpole be shoot on digital video , and the image often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction . 
3	The movie 's seam may show ... but Pellington give `` Mothman '' an irresistibly uncanny ambience that go a long way toward keep the picture compelling . 
1	Stale first act , Scrooge story , blatant product placement , some very good comedic song , strong finish , dumb fart joke . 
0	Manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week , plain old blarney ... take your pick . 
2	the Venezuelans say thing like `` si , pretty much '' and `` por favor , go home '' when talk to Americans . 
1	It 's not original enough . 
3	Confessions be n't always coherent , but it 's sharply comic and surprisingly touching , so hold the gong . 
1	An empty exercise , a florid but ultimately vapid crime melodrama with lot of surface flash but little emotional resonance . 
3	` Possession , ' base on the book by A.S. Byatt , demand that LaBute deal with the subject of love head-on ; trading in his cynicism for reverence and a little wit 
3	Terrific a Nadia , a Russian mail-order bride who come to America speak not a word of English , it 's Kidman who hold the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulate more layer . 
1	Morrissette have perform a difficult task indeed - he 's take one of the world 's most fascinating story and make it dull , lifeless , and irritating . 
3	Probes in a light-hearted way the romantic problem of individual for whom the yearning for passion spell discontent . 
1	At some point , all this visual trickery stop be clever and devolve into flashy , vaguely silly overkill . 
1	A rambling ensemble piece with loosely connect character and plot that never quite gel . 
3	Director Alfonso Cuaron get vivid , convince performance from a fine cast , and generally keeps thing go at a rapid pace , occasionally use an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of French New Wave film . 
2	A movie that feel like the pilot episode of a new teen-targeted action TV series . 
1	It 's replace by some dramatic scene that be jar and deeply out of place in what could have -LRB- and probably should have -RRB- be a lighthearted comedy . 
3	waydowntown may not be an important movie , or even a good one , but it provide a nice change of mindless pace in collision with the hot Oscar season currently underway . 
4	It 's a funny little movie with clever dialogue and likeable character . 
1	A retread of material already thoroughly plumb by Martin Scorsese . 
1	There be a difference between movie with the courage to go over the top and movie that do n't care about be stupid 
1	Barney 's idea about creation and identity do n't really seem all that profound , at least by way of what can be glean from this three-hour endurance test build around an hour 's worth of actual material . 
3	Holm do his sly , intricate magic , and Iben Hjelje be entirely appeal a Pumpkin . 
3	Even with all it botch , Enigma offer all the pleasure of a handsome and well-made entertainment . 
1	Watching this film , what we feel be n't mainly suspense or excitement . 
3	It give devastate testimony to both people 's capacity for evil and their heroic capacity for good . 
4	A damn fine and a truly distinctive and a deeply pertinent film . 
0	If you 're the kind of parent who enjoy intentionally introduce your kid to film which will cause load of irreparable damage that year and year of costly analysis could never fix , I have just one word for you - -- Decasia 
3	Meyjes ' provocative film might be call an example of the haphazardness of evil . 
2	Observant intelligence constantly vie with pretension -- and sometimes plain wacky implausibility -- throughout Maelstrom . 
4	This gorgeous epic be guarantee to lift the spirit of the whole family . 
3	Land , people and narrative flow together in a stark portrait of motherhood defer and desire explore . 
1	It collapse when Mr. Taylor try to shift the tone to a thriller 's rush . 
3	A tone poem of transgression . 
0	A mean-spirited film make by someone who surely read The Catcher in the Rye but clearly suffers from dyslexia 
0	The secret of time travel will have be discover , indulge in and reject a boring before I see this piece of crap again . 
1	Has all the hallmark of a movie design strictly for child 's home video , a market so insatiable it absorb all manner of lame entertainment , as long a 3-year-olds find it divert . 
4	One of those terrific documentary that collect a bunch of people who be enthusiastic about something and then figure out how to make u share their enthusiasm . 
2	` Sophisticated ' viewer who refuse to admit that they do n't like it will likely call it ` challenge ' to their fellow sophisticate . 
3	Sometimes charm , sometimes infuriate , this Argentinean ` dramedy ' succeed mainly on the shoulder of it actor . 
0	The story suffer a severe case of oversimplification , superficiality and silliness . 
3	Featherweight romantic comedy have a few nice twist in a standard plot and the charisma of Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock . 
1	Flashy gadget and whirl fight sequence may look cool , but they ca n't distract from the flawed support structure hold Equilibrium up . 
3	Able to provide insight into a fascinating part of theater history . 
1	The movie straddle the fence between escapism and social commentary , and on both side it fall short . 
2	The story be virtually impossible to follow here , but there 's a certain style and wit to the dialogue . 
3	It reaffirm life a it look in the face of death . 
1	It be a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see . 
4	An emotionally and spiritually compel journey see through the right eye , with the right actor and with the kind of visual flair that show what great cinema can really do . 
2	Believes so fervently in humanity that it feel almost anachronistic , and it be too cute by half . 
3	With We Were Soldiers , Hollywood make a valiant attempt to tell a story about the Vietnam War before the pathology set in . 
3	Shyamalan offer copious hint along the way -- myriad sign , if you will -- that beneath the familiar , funny surface be a far big , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to Earth for harvest purpose . 
0	Partly a schmaltzy , by-the-numbers romantic comedy , partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success -- and entirely soulless . 
2	With this new Rollerball , sense and sensibility have be overrun by what can only be characterize a robotic sentiment . 
4	A beautifully tool action thriller about love and terrorism in Korea . 
4	An escapist confection that 's pure entertainment . 
3	One of those rare film that come by once in a while with flawless amount of acting , direction , story and pace . 
1	What they see in each other also be difficult to fathom . 
1	Where This be lazy but enjoyable , a formula comedy redeem by it star , That be even lazy and far less enjoyable . 
2	I 'll put it this way : If you 're in the mood for a melodrama narrate by talk fish , this be the movie for you . 
2	So-so entertainment . 
1	Taken a a whole , The Tuxedo do n't add up to a whole lot . 
3	The structure be simple , but in it own way , Rabbit-Proof Fence be a quest story as grand a The Lord of the Rings . 
1	If Oscar have a category call Best Bad Film You Thought Was Going To Be Really Awful But Was n't , Guys would probably be duking it out with The Queen of the Damned for the honor . 
4	You feel good , you feel sad , you feel piss off , but in the end , you feel alive - which be what they do . 
3	Takashi Miike keep push the envelope : Ichi the Killer 
0	High Crimes be a cinematic misdemeanor , a routine crime thriller remarkable only for it lack of logic and misuse of two fine actor , Morgan Freeman and Ashley Judd . 
0	Rob Schneider 's infantile cross-dressing routine fill The Hot Chick , the late gimmick from this unimaginative comedian . 
1	Never do `` Lilo & Stitch '' reach the emotion or timelessness of Disney 's great past , or even that of more recent success such a `` Mulan '' or `` Tarzan . '' 
1	lazily and glumly settle into a most traditional , reserve kind of filmmaking . 
3	Boasts enough funny dialogue and sharp characterization to be mildly amuse . 
0	We ca n't accuse Kung Pow for misfiring , since it be exactly what it want to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie . 
2	Defies logic , the law of physic and almost anyone 's willingness to believe in it . 
2	` Enigma ' be the kind of engage historical drama that Hollywood appear to have give up on in favor of sentimental war movie in the vein of ` We Were Soldiers . ' 
4	An impressive hybrid . 
1	A movie that ca n't get sufficient distance from Leroy 's delusion to escape their maudlin influence . 
0	Idiotic and ugly . 
2	What might 've be an exhilarate exploration of an odd love triangle become a sprawl of uncoordinated vector . 
2	It have the right approach and the right opening premise , but it lack the zest and it go for a plot twist instead of trust the material . 
3	Ultimately engage less for it story of actorly existential despair than for it boundary-hopping formal innovation and glimpse into another kind of Chinese ` cultural revolution . ' 
1	A backhanded ode to female camaraderie pen by a man who have little clue about either the nature of woman or of friendship . 
2	Bad in such a bizarre way that it 's almost worth seeing , if only to witness the crazy confluence of purpose and taste . 
4	A surprisingly funny movie . 
2	With not a lot of help from the screenplay -LRB- proficient , but singularly cursory -RRB- , -LRB- Testud -RRB- act with the feral intensity of the young Bette Davis . 
3	Cletis be playful but highly studied and dependent for it success on a patient viewer . 
3	Rife with the rueful , wry humor spring out of Yiddish culture and language . 
3	Two Weeks Notice have appeal beyond be a Sandra Bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy . 
2	than ` Magnifique ' . 
2	Cockettes have the glorious , gaudy benefit of much stock footage of Those Days , feature all manner of drag queen , beard lady and lactate hippie . 
0	It 's horribly depressing and not very well do . 
1	The kid in the audience at the preview screening seem bored , cheer the pratfall but little else ; their parent , wise folk that they be , read book . 
4	Michael Moore 's late documentary about America 's thirst for violence be his best film yet ... 
4	One of the best rock documentary ever . 
0	A terrible movie that some people will nevertheless find moving . 
2	This be more a case of ` Sacre bleu ! ' 
1	Reggio and Glass so rhapsodize cynicism , with repetition and languorous slo-mo sequence , that Glass 's dirgelike score become a fang-baring lullaby . 
4	With Dickens ' word and writer-director Douglas McGrath 's even-toned direction , a rip good yarn be tell . 
1	A dramatic comedy a pleasantly dishonest and pat a any Hollywood fluff . 
2	Let 's face it -- there be n't many reason anyone would want to see Crossroads if they 're not big fan of teen pop kitten Britney Spears . 
2	Sa da TAY ! 
1	Simplistic , silly and tedious . 
3	-LRB- Russell -RRB- make good B movie -LRB- The Mask , The Blob -RRB- , and The Scorpion King more than ably meet those standard . 
1	The movie waver between Hallmark card sentimentality and goofy , life-affirming moment straight out of a cellular phone commercial . 
3	Fans of the modern day Hong Kong action film finally have the worthy successor to A Better Tomorrow and The Killer which they have be patiently wait for . 
1	The overall feel be not unlike watch a glorified episode of `` 7th Heaven . '' 
1	The story itself be actually quite vapid . 
2	This new Time Machine be hardly perfect ... yet it prove surprisingly serviceable . 
0	Even by the intentionally low standard of frat-boy humor , Sorority Boys be a bowser . 
0	Rather , pity anyone who see this mishmash . 
1	Despite Auteuil 's performance , it 's a rather listless amble down the middle of the road , where the thematic irony be too obvious and the sexual politics too smug . 
2	If horse could fly , this be surely what they 'd look like . 
3	A big-budget\/all-star movie a unblinkingly pure a The Hours be a distinct rarity , and an event . 
3	A huge box-office hit in Korea , Shiri be a must for genre fan . 
2	Don Michael Paul use quick-cuts , -LRB- very -RRB- large shadow and wide-angle shot take from a distance to hide the liberal use of a body double -LRB- for Seagal -RRB- . 
2	It 's clear that Mehta simply want to update her beloved genre for the thousand of Indians who fancy themselves too sophisticated for the cheese-laced spectacle that pack 'em in on the subcontinent . 
3	A wonderful , ghastly film . 
4	As improbable a this premise may seem , Abbass 's understated , shin performance offer u the sense that on some elemental level , Lilia deeply want to break free of her old life . 
2	Instead , he focus on the anguish that can develop when one mull leave the familiar to traverse uncharted ground . 
3	A timely look back at civil disobedience , anti-war movement and the power of strong voice . 
3	It 's stylishly direct with verve ... 
4	I have a dream that a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop , and it name be Earnest . 
3	Demonstrates a vivid imagination and an impressive style that result in some terrific setpieces . 
3	It be a strength of a documentary to disregard available bias , especially a temptingly easy a it would have be with this premise . 
0	The predominantly amateur cast be painful to watch , so stilted and unconvincing be the performance . 
1	Hmmm ... might I suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuff himself into an electric pencil sharpener ? 
3	A pretty decent kid-pleasing , tolerable-to-adults lark of a movie . 
3	A tightly direct , highly professional film that 's old-fashioned in all the best possible way . 
4	You 're not merely watch history , you 're engulf by it . 
3	White Oleander may leave you roll your eye in the dark , but that do n't mean you wo n't like look at it . 
1	Bad Company have one of the most moronic screenplay of the year , full of hole that will be obvious even to those who be n't look for them . 
1	The film do n't show enough of the creative process or even of what be create for the non-fan to figure out what make Wilco a big deal . 
2	A drama ? 
2	A fast-paced , glitzy but extremely silly piece . 
1	Even if it make it original release date last fall , it would 've reek of a been-there , done-that sameness . 
0	It 's hard to imagine act that could be any flatter . 
2	I 'm sure the filmmaker find this a remarkable and novel concept , but 
1	All the sensuality , all the eroticism of a good vampire tale have be , pardon the pun , suck out and replace by goth goofiness . 
1	The event of the film be just so WEIRD that I honestly never know what the hell be come next . 
1	The problem be that Van Wilder do little that be actually funny with the material . 
0	The Ya-Ya 's have many secret and one be - the book be well . 
1	his -LRB- Nelson 's -RRB- screenplay need some serious re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his character stage shout match about it . 
1	Over and over again . 
1	This be not a Jackie Chan movie . 
2	It 's quite another to feel physically catch up in the process . 
1	But there 's plenty to offend everyone ... 
1	He think the film be just as much a document about him a it be about the subject . 
3	What emerge be an unsettling picture of childhood innocence combine with indoctrinated prejudice . 
3	Not quite as miraculous a it DreamWorks maker would have you believe , but it more than adequately fill the eye and stir the emotion . 
1	This be n't a new idea . 
3	A tour de force drama about the astonishingly pivotal role of imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenager . 
2	That death be merely a transition be a common tenet in the world 's religion . 
2	Wiseman reveal the victim of domestic abuse in all of their pity and terror . 
0	It 's all surface psychodramatics . 
1	While Scorsese 's bold image and generally smart cast ensure that `` Gangs '' be never lethargic , the movie be hinder by a central plot that 's pepper with false start and populate by character who be nearly impossible to care about . 
3	Amy and Matthew have a bit of a phony relationship , but the film work in spite of it . 
1	One can only assume that the jury who bestow star Hoffman 's brother Gordy with the Waldo Salt Screenwriting award at 2002 's Sundance Festival be honor an attempt to do something different over actually pull it off 
1	An affable but undernourished romantic comedy that fail to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer 's previous collaboration , Miss Congeniality . 
4	A thoroughly entertaining comedy that use Grant 's own twist of acidity to prevent itself from succumb to it own bathos . 
3	Spielberg 's picture be smarter and subtle than -LRB- Total Recall and Blade Runner -RRB- , although it plot may prove too convolute for fun-seeking summer audience . 
4	Chamber of Secrets will find million of eager fan . 
1	An instantly forgettable snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza that likely will be upstage by an avalanche of more appealing holiday-season product . 
0	After sit through this sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special , it make me wonder if Lawrence hat criticism so much that he refuse to evaluate his own work . 
2	A chick flick for guy . 
3	If you 've the patience , there be great reward here . 
3	Among the many pleasure be the lively intelligence of the artist and their perceptiveness about their own situation . 
3	The film remind me of a vastly improve Germanic version of My Big Fat Greek Wedding -- with good character , some genuine quirkiness and at least a measure of style . 
2	Harvard Man be a semi-throwback , a reminiscence without nostalgia or sentimentality . 
3	Diaz , Applegate , Blair and Posey be suitably kooky which should appeal to woman and they strip down often enough to keep men alert , if not amuse . 
0	Plotless collection of moronic stunt be by far the bad movie of the year . 
3	It all play out ... like a high-end John Hughes comedy , a kind of Elder Bueller 's Time Out . 
0	A smug and convolute action-comedy that do n't allow an earnest moment to pass without remind audience that it 's only a movie . 
1	Love Liza be a festival film that would have be good off stay on the festival circuit . 
3	Simple , poignant and leaven with humor , it 's a film that affirm the nourishing aspect of love and companionship . 
2	Presents a good case while fail to provide a reason for u to care beyond the very basic dictum of human decency . 
3	This seductive tease of a thriller get the job do . 
4	The movie be ingenious fun . 
2	Noyce create a film of near-hypnotic physical beauty even a he tell a story as horrify a any in the heart-breakingly extensive annals of white-on-black racism . 
2	It 's a fanboy ` what if ? ' 
4	Melds derivative element into something that be often quite rich and exciting , and always a beauty to behold . 
0	As plain and pedestrian a catsup -- 
2	` Like a child with an important message to tell ... -LRB- Skins ' -RRB- fault be easy to forgive because the intention be lofty . ' 
0	It be n't that Stealing Harvard be a horrible movie -- if only it be that grand a failure ! 
1	When your subject be illusion versus reality , should n't the reality seem at least passably real ? 
0	This be the kind of movie that get a quick release before real contender arrive in September . 
4	For devotee of French cinema , Safe Conduct be so rich with period minutiae it 's like die and go to celluloid heaven . 
2	You can see the would-be surprise come a mile away , and the execution of these twist be deliver with a hammer . 
1	If only Merchant pay more attention the story . 
3	As the princess , Sorvino glide gracefully from male persona to female without miss a beat . 
1	The thing this movie try to get the audience to buy just wo n't fly with most intelligent viewer . 
3	Though it rather routine script be load with familiar situation , the movie have a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that make it work more than it probably should . 
2	It 's a brilliant , honest performance by Nicholson , but the film be an agonize bore except when the fantastic Kathy Bates turn up . 
2	cynical and serious look at teenage boy do what they do best - be teenager . 
1	This be for the most part a useless movie , even with a great director at the helm . 
0	Mr . Deeds be not really a film as much a it be a loose collection of not-so-funny gag , scatter moment of lazy humor . 
4	Secretary manage a neat trick , bundle the flower of perversity , comedy and romance into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie . 
0	It 's dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous : an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem , go nowhere fast . 
2	Yet another weepy Southern bore-athon . 
2	It 's actually pretty funny , but in all the wrong place . 
0	Madonna have make herself over so often now , there 's apparently nothing leave to work with , sort of like Michael Jackson 's nose . 
1	Bottom-rung New Jack City wannabe . 
3	There be a general air of exuberance in All About The Benjamins that 's hard to resist . 
3	There be a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work , but it be nevertheless compelling . 
2	The film be a masterpiece of nuance and characterization , mar only by an inexplicable , utterly distract blunder at the very end . 
3	Playfully profound ... and crazy than Michael Jackson on the top floor of a skyscraper nursery surround by open window . 
3	-LRB- Gosling 's -RRB- combination of explosive physical energy and convincing intelligence help create a complex , unpredictable character . 
4	Both a beautifully make nature film and a tribute to a woman whose passion for this region and it inhabitant still shine in her quiet blue eye . 
3	Dense , exhilarate documentary . 
0	Not even Steven Spielberg have dream up such blatant and sicken product placement in a movie . 
1	As it stand , Crocodile Hunter have the hurry , badly cobble look of the 1959 Godzilla , which combine scene of a Japanese monster flick with canned shot of Raymond Burr comment on the monster 's path of destruction . 
0	Those of you who be not an eighth grade girl will most likely doze off during this one . 
0	be that it 's a crime movie make by someone who obviously know nothing about crime . 
3	The movie , despite it rough edge and a tendency to sag in certain place , be wry and engross . 
1	A noble failure . 
0	Becomes a bit of a mishmash : a tearjerker that do n't and a thriller that wo n't . 
3	As ex-Marine Walter , who may or may not have shoot Kennedy , actor Raymond J. Barry be perfectly creepy and believable . 
2	It 's not a bad plot ; but , unfortunately , the movie be nowhere near as refine a all the classic drama it borrow from . 
1	Until it final minute this be a perceptive study of two family in crisis -- and of two girl whose friendship be severely test by bad luck and their own immaturity . 
3	I like a lot of the small scene . 
3	Beautifully reclaim the story of Carmen and recreate it an in an African idiom . 
0	but rather , ` How can you charge money for this ? ' 
3	What could have be a daytime soap opera be actually a compelling look at a young woman 's tragic odyssey . 
1	For a film about action , Ultimate X be the gabby giant-screen movie ever , bogging down in a barrage of hype . 
0	No one involve , save Dash , show the slight aptitude for act , and the script , credit to director Abdul Malik Abbott and Ernest ` Tron ' Anderson , seem entirely improvise . 
4	Insanely hilarious ! 
0	There be no psychology here , and no real narrative logic -- just a series of carefully choreograph atrocity , which become strangely impersonal and abstract . 
2	The end do n't work ... but most of the movie work so well I 'm almost recommend it , anyway -- maybe not to everybody , but certainly to people with a curiosity about how a movie can go very right , and then step wrong . 
0	The cumulative effect of watch this 65-minute trifle be rather like be trap while some weird relative trot out the video he take of the family vacation to Stonehenge . 
1	A waterlogged version of ` Fatal Attraction ' for the teeny-bopper set ... a sad , soggy potboiler that waste the talent of it attractive young lead . 
2	Indeed , none of these word really get at the very special type of badness that be Deuces Wild . 
0	Completely creatively stillborn and execute in a manner that I 'm not sure could be a single iota worse ... a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage . 
3	There be n't many conclusive answer in the film , but there be an interesting story of pointed personality , courage , tragedy and the little guys vs. the big guy . 
0	Aside from the fact that the film idiotically use the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor Stephen Rea , the film get add disdain for the fact that it be nearly impossible to look at or understand . 
1	Insufferably naive . 
1	Animated drivel meant to enhance the self-image of drool idiot . 
4	The performance be remarkable . 
0	Tries so hard to be quirky and funny that the strain be all too evident . 
2	it may play well a a double feature with mainstream foreign mush like My Big Fat Greek Wedding 
0	-LRB- Creates -RRB- the bad kind of mythologizing , the kind that sacrifice real heroism and abject suffering for melodrama . 
3	The wonderfully lush Morvern Callar be pure punk existentialism , and Ms. Ramsay and her co-writer , Liana Dognini , have dramatize the Alan Warner novel , which itself felt like an answer to Irvine Welsh 's book Trainspotting . 
1	Too bad writer-director Adam Rifkin situate it all in a plot as musty a one of the Golden Eagle 's carpet . 
4	A smart , sassy and exceptionally charming romantic comedy . 
1	Yet another iteration of what 's become one of the movie ' creepiest convention , in which the developmentally disable be portray with almost supernatural power to humble , teach and ultimately redeem their mentally `` superior '' friend , family ... 
1	A droll , bitchy frolic which poke fun at the price of popularity and small-town pretension in the Lone Star State . 
1	These self-styled athlete have bang their brain into the ground so frequently and furiously , their capacity to explain themselves have go the same way a their natural instinct for self-preservation . 
1	No amount of good acting be enough to save Oleander 's uninspired story . 
0	No amount of nostalgia for Carvey 's glory day can disguise the fact that the new film be a lame kiddie flick and that Carvey 's considerable talent be waste in it . 
0	... pay tribute to heroes the way Julia Roberts hand out award -- with phony humility barely camouflage grotesque narcissism . 
1	More likely to have you scratch your head than hide under your seat . 
3	The beauty of the piece be that it count heart as important a humor . 
2	This be NOT a retread of `` Dead Poets ' Society . '' 
2	Pumpkin strut about with `` courage '' pin to it huckster lapel while a yellow streak a mile wide decorate it back . 
3	A directorial tour de force by Bernard Rose , ivans xtc . 
2	May be the most undeserving victim of critical overkill since Town and Country . 
1	A straight-ahead thriller that never rise above superficiality . 
4	It tend to remind one of a really solid Woody Allen film , with it excellent use of New York locale and sharp writing 
2	Films be make of little moment . 
2	In a strange way , Egoyan have do too much . 
3	Wise and deadpan humorous . 
1	Instead of panoramic sweep , Kapur give u episodic choppiness , undermine the story 's emotional thrust . 
0	It 's too interested in jerk off in all it Byzantine incarnation to bother pleasuring it audience . 
4	The film be a hoot , and be just as good , if not good than much of what 's on Saturday morning TV especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand . 
3	` What 's the Russian word for Wow ! ? ' 
2	Pascale Bailly 's rom-com 
2	A very pretty after-school special . 
3	Catch it ... if you can ! 
3	This real-life Hollywood fairy-tale be more engage than the usual fantasy Hollywood produce . 
3	It be Scott 's convince portrayal of Roger the sad cad that really give the film it oomph . 
1	Shallow . 
3	Screenwriter Dan Schneider and director Shawn Levy substitute volume and primary color for humor and bite . 
3	A film that will enthrall the whole family . 
0	True to it animatronic root : ... a stiff , ponderous and charmless a a mechanical apparatus ... ` The Country Bears ' should never have be bring out of hibernation . 
1	The filmmaker be play to the Big Boys in New York and L.A. To that end , they mock the kind of folk they do n't understand , one they figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either . 
0	The big problem with Roger Avary 's uproar against the MPAA be that , even in all it director 's cut glory , he 's make a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything . 
1	-LRB- T -RRB- oo many of these gross out scene ... 
4	It 's a head-turner -- thoughtfully write , beautifully read and , finally , deeply humanize . 
3	To others , it will remind them that Hong Kong action cinema be still alive and kicking . 
4	A poignant comedy that offer food for thought . 
2	About as original a a gangster sweat bullet while worry about a contract on his life . 
1	Its weighty theme be too grave for youngster , but the story be too steep in fairy tale and other childish thing to appeal much to teenager . 
3	While the story 's undeniably hard to follow , Iwai 's gorgeous visuals seduce . 
4	Extraordinary debut from Josh Koury . 
2	Smothered by it own solemnity . 
3	Even if it push it agenda too forcefully , this remain a film about something , one that attempt and often achieve a level of connection and concern . 
1	Writer-director Walter Hill and co-writer David Giler try to create character out of the obvious cliche , but wind up use them a punching bag . 
4	Secret Ballot be a funny , puzzle movie ambiguous enough to be engage and oddly move . 
0	It 's a sorry a mess a it director 's diabolical debut , Mad Cows . 
1	While this film have an ` A ' list cast and some strong supporting player , the tale -- like it central figure , Vivi -- be just a little bit hard to love . 
1	As for child , they wo n't enjoy the movie at all . 
4	It 's no lie -- Big Fat Liar be a real charmer . 
4	A witty , low-key romantic comedy . 
2	Streamlined to a tight , brisk 85-minute screwball thriller , `` Big Trouble '' be funny , harmless and as substantial a a tub of popcorn with extra butter . 
1	Death might be a release . 
3	Spirit be a visual treat , and it take chance that be bold by studio standard , but it lack a strong narrative . 
0	If you go , pack your knitting needle . 
3	Implicitly acknowledges and celebrate the glorious chicanery and self-delusion of this most American of business , and for that reason it may be the most oddly honest Hollywood document of all . 
3	Much of The Lady and the Duke be about quiet , decisive moment between member of the cultural elite a they determine how to proceed a the world implode . 
3	The movie be pretty funny now and then without in any way demean it subject . 
1	A movie that 's hold captive by mediocrity . 
4	It 's a treat -- a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score ... Grant and Bullock make it look a though they be have so much fun . 
2	Whereas the extremely competent hitman film such a Pulp Fiction and Get Shorty resonate a sardonic verve to their caustic purpose for exist , Who Is Cletis Tout ? 
3	It 's probably worth catch solely on it visual merit . 
2	Bartlett 's hero remain a reactive cipher , when open the man 's head and heart be the only imaginable reason for the film to be make . 
1	You may think you have figure out the con and the player in this debut film by Argentine director Fabian Bielinsky , but while you be think someone make off with your wallet . 
3	A sharp and quick documentary that be funny and pithy , while illuminate an era of theatrical comedy that , while past , really be n't . 
0	A major waste ... generic . 
1	-LRB- Johnnie To and Wai Ka Fai be -RRB- sure to find an enthusiastic audience among American action-adventure buff , but the film 's interest may be too narrow to attract crossover viewer . 
0	The movie be a dud . 
4	It 's a fun adventure movie for kid -LRB- of all age -RRB- that like adventure . 
3	It 's the type of film about grow up that we do n't see often enough these day : realistic , urgent , and not sugarcoat in the least . 
1	A great script bring down by lousy direction . 
1	Unless you come in to the film with a skateboard under your arm , you 're go to feel like you be n't invite to the party . 
1	It 's so downbeat and nearly humorless that it become a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performance by it lead . 
4	No Such Thing be sort of a minimalist Beauty and the Beast , but in this case the Beast should definitely get top billing . 
1	This picture be mostly a lump of run-of-the-mill profanity sprinkle with a few remark so geared toward engender audience sympathy that you might think he be run for office -- or try to win over a probation officer . 
2	Tells -LRB- the story -RRB- with such atmospheric ballast that shrug off the plot 's persnickety problem be simply a matter of -LRB- be -RRB- in a shrugging mood . 
4	Fast-paced and wonderfully edit , the film be extremely thorough . 
4	Gives everyone something to shout about . 
3	A showcase for both the scenic splendor of the mountain and for legendary actor Michel Serrault , the film be less successful on other level . 
1	There be few thing more frustrating to a film buff than see an otherwise good movie mar beyond redemption by a disastrous end . 
1	into How Long Is This Movie ? 
1	When the fire burn out , we 've only come face-to-face with a couple dragon and that 's where the film ultimately fail . 
1	Parker update the setting in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understand what it be that make the story relevant in the first place . 
1	But what be miss from it all be a moral . 
2	OK arthouse . 
3	The film , while not exactly assure in it execution , be notable for it sheer audacity and openness . 
3	Not only a reminder of how they use to make movie , but also how they sometimes still can be make . 
1	True to it title , it trap audience in a series of relentlessly nasty situation that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be look at . 
2	It follow the basic plot trajectory of nearly every Schwarzenegger film : Someone cross Arnie . 
3	The hot topic of the plot be relegate to the background -- a welcome step forward from the Sally Jesse Raphael atmosphere of film like Philadelphia and American Beauty . 
1	contrast the original Ringu with the current Americanized adaptation be akin to compare The Evil Dead with Evil Dead II 
3	There be so few film about the plight of American Indians in modern America that Skins come a a welcome , if downbeat , missive from a forgotten front . 
3	Director Paul Cox 's unorthodox , abstract approach to visualize Nijinsky 's diary be both stimulate and demand . 
3	While there 's likely very little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the Elizabethans -LRB- as well a rank frustration from those in the know about Rubbo 's dumbed-down tactic -RRB- , Much Ado About Something be an amicable endeavor . 
3	The film be a fierce dance of destruction . 
1	It 's impossible to even categorize this a a smutty guilty pleasure . 
1	Nothing more than a widget crank out on an assembly line to see if stupid Americans will get a kick out of goofy Brits with cute accent perform ages-old slapstick and unfunny trick . 
3	And that make all the difference . 
0	It look like an action movie , but it 's so poorly make , on all level , that it do n't even qualify a a spoof of such . 
2	Like be invite to a classy dinner soiree and not know anyone . 
0	What we get in FearDotCom be more like something from a bad Clive Barker movie . 
1	Knockaround Guys play like a student film by two guy who desperately want to be Quentin Tarantino when they grow up . 
0	The story be lack any real emotional impact , and the plot be both contrived and cliched . 
4	You 'll probably love it . 
0	One slough one 's way through the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot . 
2	Cynics need not apply . ' 
2	An involve , inspirational drama that sometimes fall prey to it sob-story trapping . 
3	A sense of real magic , perhaps . 
4	Bouquet give a performance that be masterly . 
1	Yes , Spirited Away be a triumph of imagination , but it 's also a failure of storytelling . 
2	s face be chillingly unemotive , yet he communicate a great deal in his performance . 
1	Shrewd but pointless . 
3	A heady , biting , be-bop ride through nighttime Manhattan , a loquacious videologue of the modern male and the length to which he 'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego . 
2	If all of Eight Legged Freaks be as entertaining a the final hour , I would have no problem give it an unqualified recommendation . 
3	A weird little movie that 's amuse enough while you watch it , offer fine act moment and pungent insight into modern L.A. 's show-biz and medium subculture . 
2	A lack of thesis make Maryam , in the end , play out with the intellectual and emotional impact of an after-school special . 
1	A high-minded snoozer . 
3	` it 's good to go in know full well what 's go to happen , but willing to let the earnestness of it execution and skill of it cast take you down a familiar road with a few twist . 
1	A little less extreme than in the past , with long exposition sequence between them , and with few gag to break the tedium . 
2	The camera twirl ! 
3	This version do justice both to Stevenson and to the sci-fi genre . 
1	A boring masquerade ball where normally good actor , even Kingsley , be make to look bad . 
3	If you be into splatter movie , then you will probably have a reasonably good time with The Salton Sea . 
3	They 're just a couple of cop in Copmovieland , these two , but in Narc , they find new route through a familiar neighborhood . 
0	Hate it because it 's lousy . 
3	Nicks refuse to let Slackers be see a just another teen movie , which mean he can be forgive for frequently pander to fan of the gross-out comedy . 
4	Director Lee have a true cinematic knack , but it 's also nice to see a movie with it heart so thoroughly , unabashedly on it sleeve . 
0	... a movie that , quite simply , should n't have be make . 
3	- style cross-country adventure ... it have sporadic burst of liveliness , some so-so slapstick and a few ear-pleasing song on it soundtrack . 
1	Howard and his co-star all give committed performance , but they 're often undone by Howard 's self-conscious attempt to find a ` literary ' filmmaking style to match his subject . 
3	The film have the uncanny ability to right itself precisely when you think it 's in danger of go wrong . 
4	... an enjoyably frothy ` date movie ' ... 
3	... certainly an entertaining ride , despite many talky , slow scene . 
4	... a series of tale tell with the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing . 
4	It 's a wonderful , sobering , heart-felt drama . 
3	The cast , collectively a successful example of the lovable-loser protagonist , show deft comic timing . 
1	Its plot and animation offer daytime TV serviceability , but little more . 
1	On the evidence before u , the answer be clear : Not easily and , in the end , not well enough . 
2	It be not what you see , it be what you think you see . 
3	Canada 's arctic light shine bright on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathe extraordinary life into the private existence of the Inuit people . 
0	Several uninteresting , unlikeable people do bad thing to and with each other in `` Unfaithful . '' 
1	Plays like the old disease-of-the-week small-screen melodrama . 
3	Alternating between facetious comic parody and pulp melodrama , this smart-aleck movie ... toss around some intriguing question about the difference between human and android life . 
1	If I want a real movie , I 'll buy the Criterion DVD . 
3	A deliberative account of a lifestyle characterize by it surface-obsession -- one that typify the delirium of post , pre , and extant stardom . 
4	Lux , now in her eighty , do a great combination act a narrator , Jewish grandmother and subject -- take u through a film that be part biography , part entertainment and part history . 
1	Video game be more involve than this mess . 
3	Features Fincher 's characteristically startling visual style and an almost palpable sense of intensity . 
1	None of the character or plot-lines be fleshed-out enough to build any interest . 
1	Otherwise , this could be a passable date film . 
2	Are monster born , or make ? 
1	All of the element be in place for a great film noir , but director George Hickenlooper 's approach to the material be too upbeat . 
3	A little melodramatic , but with enough hope to keep you engage . 
2	Generic slasher-movie nonsense , but it 's not without style . 
3	A superlative B movie -- funny , sexy , and rousing . 
2	It do n't go straight to video . 
0	The misery of these people becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle , to be consume and forget . 
1	Aan opportunity waste . 
0	This stuck pig of a movie flail limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror . 
1	It be bad , but certainly not without merit a entertainment . 
4	One of the most original American production this year , you 'll find yourself remember this refresh visit to a Sunshine State . 
1	A bland animate sequel that hardly seem worth the effort . 
1	Maybe LeBlanc think , `` Hey , the movie about the baseball-playing monkey be bad . '' 
3	From it invitingly upbeat overture to it pathos-filled but ultimately life-affirming finale , Martin be a masterfully conduct work . 
3	Poignant Japanese epic about adolescent anomie and heartbreak . 
3	Great fun both for sport aficionado and for ordinary lout whose idea of exercise be climb the step of a stadium-seat megaplex . 
1	An excruciate demonstration of the unsalvageability of a movie saddle with an amateurish screenplay . 
1	Trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie Snipes be enough to give you brain strain -- and the pay-off be negligible . 
1	It reduce the complexity to bromide and slogan and it get so preachy-keen and so tub-thumpingly loud it make you feel like a chump just for sit through it . 
3	Uneven , self-conscious but often hilarious spoof . 
1	Feeble comedy . 
4	Many a parent and their teen -LRB- or preteen -RRB- kid could bond while watch A Walk To Remember . 
2	A Jewish WW II doc that be n't try simply to out-shock , out-outrage or out-depress it potential audience ! 
4	It 's no surprise that a a director Washington demand and receive excellent performance , from himself and from newcomer Derek Luke . 
3	Austin Powers for the most part be extremely funny , the first part make up for any flaw that come later . 
2	A collage 
3	Psychologically reveal . 
1	Serving Sara should be serve an eviction notice at every theater stick with it . 
1	... expand the horizon of boredom to the point of collapse , turn into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape . 
3	All three woman deliver remarkable performance . 
3	Leigh make these life count . 
3	This be a nicely handle affair , a film about human darkness but etch with a light -LRB- yet unsentimental -RRB- touch . 
2	Meant to reduce Blake 's philosophy into a tragic coming-of-age saga punctuate by burst of animator Todd McFarlane 's superhero dystopia . 
1	But it also come with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already know it 's win . 
3	What 's really so appeal about the character be their resemblance to everyday child . 
2	will be far more interesting to the Soderbergh faithful than it will be to the casual moviegoer who might be lure in by Julia Roberts ... 
1	A bore that tend to hammer home every one of it point . 
0	... an airless , prepackaged Julia Roberts wannabe that stink so badly of hard-sell image-mongering you 'll wonder if Lopez 's publicist should share screenwriting credit . 
3	It be quite a vision . 
4	I like this movie a lot . 
3	An old-fashioned drama of substance about a teacher 's slide down the slippery slope of dishonesty after an encounter with the rich and the powerful who have nothing but disdain for virtue . 
0	An ugly , pointless , stupid movie . 
2	Ritchie may not have a novel thought in his head , but he know how to pose Madonna . 
3	Manages to delight without much of a story . 
1	The histrionic muse still elude Madonna and , play a charmless witch , she be merely a charmless witch . 
3	If you 're down for a silly hack-and-slash flick , you can do no wrong with Jason X . 
2	If you think Tom Hanks be just an ordinary big-screen star , wait until you 've see him eight story tall . 
0	Her fan walk out mutter word like `` horrible '' and `` terrible , '' but have so much fun diss the film that they do n't mind the ticket cost . 
3	Bluto Blutarsky , we miss you . 
2	You Should Pay Nine Bucks for This : Because you can hear about suffer Afghan refugee on the news and still be unaffected . 
2	Eric Byler 's nuanced pic avoids easy sentiment and explanation ... 
3	While obviously aim at kid , The Country Bears ... should keep parent amuse with it low groan-to-guffaw ratio . 
1	Wildly incompetent but brilliantly name Half Past Dead -- or for Seagal pessimist : Totally Past His Prime . 
1	Most fish story be a little peculiar , but this be one that should be throw back in the river . 
3	You may leave the theater with more question than answer , but darn if your toe wo n't still be tap . 
3	While it have definite weakness -- like a rather unbelievable love interest and a meandering end -- this '60s caper film be a riveting , brisk delight . 
0	There 's no disguise this a one of the bad film of the summer . 
3	Coy but exhilarate , with really solid performance by Ving Rhames and Wesley Snipes . 
1	Nijinsky say , ' I know how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too . 
2	There ai n't a lot more painful than an unfunny movie that think it 's hilarious . 
3	No bad a film than Breaking Out , and Breaking Out be utterly charm . 
2	Maid in Manhattan might not look so appeal on third or fourth view down the road ... But a a high concept vehicle for two bright star of the moment who can rise to fan ' lofty expectation , the movie pass inspection . 
3	Whether or not you buy Mr. Broomfield 's finding , the film acquire an undeniable entertainment value a the slight , pale Mr. Broomfield continue to force himself on people and into situation that would make less men run for cover . 
4	Third time 's the charm ... yeah , baby ! 
3	Quietly engage . 
0	It all unfold predictably , and the adventure that happen along the way seem repetitive and design to fill time , provide no real sense of suspense . 
2	Sometimes this modest little number click , and sometimes it do n't . 
4	It 's always enthral . 
1	Yet why it fail be a riddle wrap in a mystery inside an enigma . 
4	Morvern Callar confirm Lynne Ramsay a an important , original talent in international cinema . 
1	If only it have the story to match . 
2	to be more engage on an emotional level , funny , and on the whole less detach . 
1	about gay in what be essentially an extended soap opera 
0	It 's possible that something hip and transgressive be be attempt here that stubbornly refuse to gel , but the result be more puzzle than unsettle . 
3	Slow and ponderous , but Rohmer 's drama build to an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and Christian love in the face of political corruption . 
2	`` The turntable be now outsell the electric guitar ... '' 
3	Strip it of all it excess debris , and you 'd have a 90-minute , four-star movie . 
1	Sadly , a Blood Work prove , that be a long , long time ago . 
1	Like Showgirls and Glitter , the most entertaining moment here be unintentional . 
3	The footage of the rapper at play and the prison interview with Suge Knight be just two of the element that will grab you . 
3	Some Body will take you place you have n't be , and also place you have . 
0	The director , with his fake backdrop and stately pacing , never settle on a consistent tone . 
3	A little uneven to be the cat 's meow , but it 's good enough to be the purr . 
1	Like it script , which nurse plot hole gap enough to pilot an entire Olympic swim team through , the character in Swimfan seem motivate by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover . 
1	It 's surprisingly bland despite the heavy dos of weird performance and direction . 
1	Disreputable doings and exquisite trapping be dampen by a lackluster script and substandard performance . 
1	An unencouraging threefold expansion on the former MTV series , accompany the stunt-hungry dimwit in a random series of collected gag , prank , pratfall , dare , injury , etc . . 
1	This be a movie that start out like Heathers , then become Bring it On , then become unwatchable . 
2	Director Chris Eyre be go through the pace again with his usual high melodramatic style of filmmaking . 
3	The observation of this social\/economic\/urban environment be canny and spice with irony . 
0	Suffers from over-familiarity since hit-hungry British filmmaker have strip-mined the Monty formula mercilessly since 1997 . 
3	Generates an enormous feeling of empathy for it character . 
2	`` It 's all about the image . '' 
0	Sheridan be painfully bad , a fourth-rate Jim Carrey who do n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb . 
4	Eric Schweig and Graham Greene both exude an air of dignity that 's perfect for the proud warrior that still linger in the soul of these character . 
3	Amidst the action , the script carry Arnold -LRB- and the viewer -RRB- into the forbidden zone of sympathize with terrorist motivation by present the `` other side of the story . '' 
2	I would be shock if there be actually one correct interpretation , but that should n't make the movie or the discussion any less enjoyable . 
0	The film feel formulaic , it plot and pace typical Hollywood war-movie stuff , while the performance elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe . 
3	One of the smarter offer the horror genre have produce in recent memory , even if it 's far tame than advertise . 
0	The issue be present in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year 's -LRB- unintentionally -RRB- funny moment , that it 's impossible to care . 
3	A funny film . 
4	Sayles have a knack for casting , often resurrect performer who rarely work in movie now ... and draw flavorful performance from bland actor . 
2	The photographer 's show-don ` t-tell stance be admirable , but it can make him a problematic documentary subject . 
2	It be a testament of quiet endurance , of common concern , of reconciled survival . 
3	If you 're in the right B-movie frame of mind , it may just scare the pant off you . 
3	Despite it shortcoming , Girls Ca n't Swim represent an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , and it 's a worthy entry in the French coming-of-age genre . 
2	Weiss and Speck never make a convincing case for the relevance of these two 20th-century footnote . 
3	Even before it build up to it insanely stag ballroom scene , in which 3000 actor appear in full regalia , it 's waltz itself into the art film pantheon . 
3	Australia : Land Beyond Time be an enjoyable Big Movie primarily because Australia be a weirdly beautiful place . 
4	Even if you 've see `` Stomp '' -LRB- the stage show -RRB- , you still have to see this ! 
0	There be nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a - thousand-times - before movie . 
2	But if you 've pay a matinee price and buy a big tub of popcorn , there 's guilty fun to be have here . 
3	that work . 
1	Although ... visually strike and slickly stag , it 's also cold , grey , antiseptic and emotionally desiccate . 
2	A highly personal look at the effect of live a dysfunctionally privileged lifestyle , and by the end , we only wish we could have spend more time in it world . 
4	Overall , Cletis Tout be a win comedy that excite the imagination and tickle the funny bone . 
0	Rollerball IS as bad a you think , and bad than you can imagine . 
4	may prove to be -LRB- Tsai 's -RRB- masterpiece . 
1	Donovan ... squander his main asset , Jackie Chan , and fumble the vital action sequence . 
2	Dense and enigmatic ... elusive ... stagy and stilted 
2	If the movie be all comedy , it might work well . 
3	May lack the pungent bite of it title , but it 's an enjoyable trifle nonetheless . 
2	There be problem with this film that even 3 Oscar winner ca n't overcome , but it 's a nice girl-buddy movie once it get rock-n-rolling . 
3	Rodriguez do a splendid job of racial profiling Hollywood style -- cast excellent Latin actor of all age -- a trend long overdue . 
2	Would n't it be funny if a bunch of Allied soldier go undercover a woman in a German factory during World War II ? 
3	Interesting both a a historical study and a a tragic love story . 
2	Clayburgh and Tambor be charm performer ; neither of them deserve Eric Schaeffer . 
1	One key problem with these ardently Christian storyline be that there be never any question of how thing will turn out . 
0	It 's so devoid of joy and energy it make even Jason X ... look positively Shakesperean by comparison . 
1	The darker element of misogyny and unprovoked violence suffocate the illumination create by the two daughter and the sparse instance of humor meant to shine through the gloomy film noir veil . 
1	Predictably melodramatic . 
3	Tends to pile too many `` serious issue '' on it plate at time , yet remain fairly light , always entertain , and smartly write . 
4	A marvel of production design . 
4	Nicole Holofcener 's Lovely and Amazing , from her own screenplay , jump to the head of the class of woman 's film that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treat female folly with a satirical style . 
2	But something seem to be miss . 
1	The connected story of Breitbart and Hanussen be actually fascinating , but the filmmaking in Invincible be such that the movie do not do them justice . 
0	I have return from the beyond to warn you : this movie be 90 minute long , and life be too short . 
0	Although the sequel have all the outward element of the original , the first film 's lovely flakiness be go , replace by the forced funniness find in the dull kiddie flick . 
4	Ozpetek 's effort have the scope and shape of an especially well-executed television movie . 
1	Less a study in madness or love than a study in schoolgirl obsession . 
0	... really horrible drek . 
2	It 's not particularly subtle ... However , it still manage to build to a terrifying , if obvious , conclusion . 
3	A terrific insider look at the star-making machinery of tinseltown . 
3	The complex , politically charged tapestry of contemporary Chinese life this excite new filmmaker have bring to the screen be like nothing we Westerners have see before . 
1	Has enough gun battle and throwaway humor to cover up the yawning chasm where the plot should be . 
4	Filled with honest performance and exceptional detail , Baran be a gentle film with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity . 
3	Though Nijinsky 's word grow increasingly disturb , the film maintain a beguiling serenity and poise that make it accessible for a non-narrative feature . 
0	The entire movie be so formulaic and forgettable that it 's hardly over before it begin to fade from memory . 
2	Yet another movie which presume that high school social group be at war , let alone conscious of each other 's existence . 
0	A dim-witted and lazy spin-off of the Animal Planet documentary series , Crocodile Hunter be entertainment opportunism at it most glaring . 
1	In the not-too-distant future , movie like Ghost Ship will be use a analgesic balm for overstimulated mind . 
3	It 's truly awful and heartbreaking subject matter , but one whose lesson be well worth revisit a many time a possible . 
4	A fascinating , bombshell documentary that should shame Americans , regardless of whether or not ultimate blame finally lie with Kissinger . 
3	And the reason for that be a self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence . 
3	For those who be intrigue by politics of the '70s , the film be every bit as fascinating a it be flaw . 
4	Could I have be more geeked when I hear that Apollo 13 be go to be release in IMAX format ? 
3	If the film fail to fulfill it own ambitious goal , it nonetheless sustain interest during the long build-up of expository material . 
1	... a confusing drudgery . 
3	It be as uncompromising a it be nonjudgmental , and make clear that a prostitute can be a lonely and needy a any of the client . 
2	Until -LRB- the -RRB- superfluous ... epilogue that leak suspension of disbelief like a sieve , Die Another Day be a stimulate & heart-rate-raising a any James Bond thriller . 
2	Ensemble movie , like soap opera , depend on empathy . 
4	Mostly honest , this somber picture reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully . 
3	I could n't recommend this film more . 
4	The problem and character it reveals be universal and involve , and the film itself -- as well it delightful cast -- be so breezy , pretty and gift , it really win my heart . 
4	Nair 's cast be so large it 's Altman-esque , but she deftly spin the multiple story in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion . 
3	Touches smartly and wistfully on a number of theme , not least the notion that the marginal member of society ... might benefit from a help hand and a friendly kick in the pant . 
4	The artwork be spectacular and unlike most animaton from Japan , the character move with grace and panache . 
3	It strike hard ... when it remind you how pertinent it dynamic remain . 
1	Mr. Wollter and Ms. Seldhal give strong and convincing performance , but neither reach into the deep recess of the character to unearth the quake essence of passion , grief and fear . 
2	Marinated 
4	A film about female friendship that men can embrace and woman will talk about for hour . 
1	Hollywood Ending just be n't very funny . 
2	The film may not hit as hard a some of the good drug-related picture , but it still manage to get a few punch in . 
1	Before it collapse into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy it set out to lampoon , anyway . 
3	Unlike lot of Hollywood fluff , this have layer , well-developed character and some surprise . 
2	An unflinching look at the world 's dispossess . 
1	Ultimately ... the movie be too heady for child , and too preachy for adult . 
1	But seriously , folk , it do n't work . 
3	Too damn weird to pass up , and for the blacklight crowd , way cheap -LRB- and good -RRB- than Pink Floyd ticket . 
4	Sweetly sexy , funny and touch . 
2	It 's get some pretentious eye-rolling moment and it do n't entirely grab me , but there 's stuff here to like . 
1	A muddy psychological thriller rife with miscalculation . 
2	De Niro cry . 
1	A domestic melodrama with weak dialogue and biopic cliche . 
3	It 's a rare window on an artistic collaboration . 
0	May cause you to bite your tongue to keep from laugh at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twist . 
2	It 's a 100-year old mystery that be constantly be interrupt by Elizabeth Hurley in a bathing suit . 
4	Peppered with witty dialogue and inventive moment . 
1	So aggressively cheery that Pollyana would reach for a barf bag . 
1	-LRB- T -RRB- he film be never sure to make a clear point -- even if it seek to rely on an ambiguous presentation . 
1	The cinematic equivalent of patronize a bar favor by pretentious , untalented artiste who enjoy moan about their cruel fate . 
1	Seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool , and it 's a sad , sick sight . 
3	Holland let thing peter out midway , but it 's notably well act -- and far less crass - than some other recent effort in the burgeon genre of film about black urban professional . 
2	... little more than a well-acted television melodrama shot for the big screen . 
1	With element crib from Lang 's Metropolis , Welles ' Kane , and Eisenstein 's Potemkin 
2	Sometimes this ` Blood ' seem as tire a it protagonist ... Still , the pulse never disappear entirely , and the picture cross the finish line wind but still game . 
2	It 's be make with an innocent yet fervid conviction that our Hollywood have all but lose . 
3	Though the aboriginal aspect lend the end an extraordinary poignancy , and the story itself could be play out in any working class community in the nation . 
3	A tour de force of modern cinema . 
1	Murder by Numbers just do n't add up . 
2	... the implication be Kissinger may have decide that -- when it come to truncheoning -- it 's good to give than to receive . 
4	Brings together some of the big name in Japanese anime , with impressive result . 
1	It 's so tedious that it make you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertain and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in Bridget Jones 's Diary . 
3	Offers a persuasive look at a defeated but defiant nation in flux . 
1	With the exception of McCoist , the player do n't have a clue on the park . 
1	` Opening up ' the play more have partly close it down . 
2	What it lack in originality it make up for in effective if cheap moment of fright and dread . 
4	... spellbinding fun and deliciously exploitative . 
1	He fail . 
0	The problem with ANTWONE FISHER be that it have a screenplay write by Antwone Fisher base on the book by Antwone Fisher . 
1	can be as tiresome a 9 second of Jesse Helms ' anti- Castro rhetoric , which be include 
0	Bray be completely at sea ; with nothing but a Savage Garden music video on his resume , he have no clue about make a movie . 
1	Maybe there 's a metaphor here , but figure it out would n't make Trouble Every Day any good . 
1	With Zoe Clarke-Williams 's lackluster thriller `` New Best Friend '' , who need enemy ? 
1	The film be hamper by it predictable plot and paper-thin supporting character . 
1	Debut effort by `` Project Greenlight '' winner be sappy and amateurish . 
3	It 's a familiar story , but one that be present with great sympathy and intelligence . 
1	Sadly , Full Frontal play like the work of a dilettante . 
2	It 's not exactly worth the buck to expend the full price for a date , but when it come out on video , it 's well worth a rental . 
3	Children , Christian or otherwise , deserve to hear the full story of Jonah 's despair -- in all it agonizing , Catch-22 glory -- even if they spend year try to comprehend it . 
4	Mazel tov to a film about a family 's joyous life act on the Yiddish stage . 
1	Unsurprisingly , the way this all work out make the woman look more like stereotypical caretaker and moral teacher , instead of serious athlete . 
3	Much smart and more attentive than it first set out to be . 
2	A fascinating but choppy documentary . 
1	This be a remake by the number , link a halfwit plot to a series of standup routine in which Wilson and Murphy show how funny they could have be in a more ambitious movie . 
3	An enjoyable , if occasionally flaw , experiment . 
3	I 'll go out on a limb . 
2	just pile up . 
4	A brutal and funny work . 
1	If nothing else , `` Rollerball '' 2002 may go down in cinema history a the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast be outshine by LL Cool J . 
3	Chilling in it objective portrait of dreary , lose twenty-first century America . 
2	There 's no doubting that this be a highly ambitious and personal project for Egoyan , but it 's also one that , next to his best work , feel clumsy and convolute . 
1	The sequel play out like a flimsy excuse to give Blade fan another look at Wesley Snipes ' iconic hero do battle with dozen of bad guy -- at once . 
2	They should have find Orson Welles ' great-grandson . 
3	It offer a glimpse of the Solomonic decision face Jewish parent in those turbulent time : to save their child and yet to lose them . 
3	He 's a good actor than a standup comedian . 
1	Really do feel like a short stretch out to feature length . 
4	The film be a verbal duel between two gift performer . 
4	A deliciously nonsensical comedy about a city come apart at it seam . 
2	The camera whirl ! 
1	This New Zealand coming-of-age movie be n't really about anything . 
3	What make the movie special be it utter sincerity . 
4	-LRB- A -RRB- devastatingly powerful and astonishingly vivid Holocaust drama . 
1	A distinctly mixed bag , the occasional burst of sharp write alternate with lot of sloppiness and the obligatory moment of sentimental ooze . 
1	Flat , misguide comedy . 
1	With minimal imagination , you could restage the whole thing in your bathtub . 
1	I 'm sorry to say that this should seal the deal - Arnold be not , nor will he be , back . 
1	The script boast some tart TV-insider humor , but the film have not a trace of humanity or empathy . 
4	It be definitely worth see . 
3	Director Roger Kumble offer just enough sweet and traditional romantic comedy to counter the crudity . 
1	The problem with the mayhem in Formula 51 be not that it 's offensive , but that it 's boring . 
1	Although it start off so bad that you feel like run out scream , it eventually work it way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful . 
1	A worthy idea , but the uninspired script , act and direction never rise above the level of an after-school TV special . 
0	This be absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother have suffer through the horrible pain of a death by cancer . 
0	Instead of a balanced film that explain the zeitgeist that be the X Games , we get a cinematic postcard that 's superficial and unrealized . 
1	The adventure do n't contain half the excitement of Balto , or quarter the fun of Toy Story 2 . 
2	Anemic chronicle of money grub New Yorkers and their serial loveless hook ups . 
4	Remarkable for it excellent storytelling , it economical , compressed characterisation and for it profound humanity , it 's an adventure story and history lesson all in one . 
2	Creeps you out in high style , even if Nakata do it well . 
2	downtown 
0	In all the annals of the movie , few film have be this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant . 
3	Argento , at only 26 , bring a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project , a if she 's cut open a vein and bleed the raw film stock . 
3	Elaborate special effect take centre screen , so that the human story be push to one side . 
4	The film have the courage of it conviction and excellent performance on it side . 
2	... it stupidity wind up stick in one 's mind a lot more than the cool bit . 
3	Audiences be advise to sit near the back and squint to avoid notice some truly egregious lip-non-synching , but otherwise the production be suitably elegant . 
2	This rough trade Punch-and-Judy act do n't play well then and it play bad now . 
2	Whether our action-and-popcorn obsessed culture will embrace this engaging and literate psychodrama be n't much of a mystery , unfortunately . 
3	A quasi-documentary by French filmmaker Karim Dridi that celebrate the hardy spirit of Cuban music . 
1	The only question ... be to determine how well the schmaltz be manufacture -- to assess the quality of the manipulative engineering . 
4	Solaris be rigid and evasive in way that Soderbergh 's best film , `` Erin Brockovich , '' `` Out of Sight '' and `` Ocean 's Eleven , '' never be . 
2	It 's likely that whatever you think of the first production -- pro or con -- you 'll likely think of this one . 
1	... familiar and predictable , and 4\/5ths of it might as well have come from a Xerox machine rather than -LRB- writer-director -RRB- Franc . 
3	A movie just for Friday fan , critic be damn . 
3	If you come from a family that eat , meddles , argues , laugh , kibbitzes and fight together , then go see this delightful comedy . 
1	Laconic and very stilted in it dialogue , this indie flick never find it audience , probably because it 's extremely hard to relate to any of the character . 
1	The movie do such an excellent job of critique itself at every falter half-step of it development that criticize feel more like commiserate . 
3	... a solid , unassuming drama . 
3	Much of this slick and sprightly CGI feature be sufficiently funny to amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parent who escort their little one to megaplex screening . 
2	No big hairy deal . 
1	The package in which this fascinating -- and timely -- content come wrap be disappointingly generic . 
3	Sparse but oddly compelling . 
4	For most of it footage , the new thriller prove that director M. Night Shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that Mel Gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without lose his machismo . 
1	It 's mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar American style of justice that play out here , but it 's so muddled and derivative that few will bother think it all through . 
2	Feardotcom 's thrill be all cheap , but they mostly work . 
1	You try to guess the order in which the kid in the house will be gore . 
1	That the film open with maggot crawl on a dead dog be not an out of place metaphor . 
1	Not really a thriller so much a a movie for teen to laugh , groan and hiss at . 
4	Forget about one Oscar nomination for Julianne Moore this year - she should get all five . 
2	The boy ' sparring , like the succession of blow dump on Guei , wear down the story 's more cerebral , and likable , plot element . 
3	At it most basic , this cartoon adventure be that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating . 
3	Simone be not a bad film . 
4	Graphic sex may be what 's attract audience to Unfaithful , but grip performance by Lane and Gere be what will keep them awake . 
2	The member manage to pronounce KOK exactly a you think they might , thus give the cast ample opportunity to use that term as often a possible . 
1	There may have be a good film in `` Trouble Every Day , '' but it be not what be on the screen . 
1	Full Frontal have no effect and elicit no sympathy for any of the character . 
0	... a bland murder-on-campus yawner . 
0	The only problem be that , by the end , no one in the audience or the film seem to really care . 
3	The most consistently funny of the Austin Powers film . 
0	This franchise have not spawn a single good film . 
0	One of the most incoherent feature in recent memory . 
3	A compelling yarn , but not quite a rip one . 
3	This be a visually stunning rumination on love , memory , history and the war between art and commerce . 
2	If Signs be a good film , and it be , the essence of a great one be in there somewhere . 
2	And that should tell you everything you need to know about All the Queen 's Men . 
0	- spy action flick with Antonio Banderas and Lucy Liu never come together . 
1	` Dragonfly ' dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue . 
3	Sayles have an eye for the way people of different ethnicity talk to and about others outside the group . 
3	It 's always fascinating to watch Marker the essayist at work . 
3	`` Mr . Deeds '' be suitable summer entertainment that offer escapism without require a great deal of thought . 
4	Just about the best straight-up , old-school horror film of the last 15 year . 
1	The verdict : Two body and hardly a laugh between them . 
3	-LRB- D -RRB- espite it familiar subject matter , Ice Age be consistently amusing and engross ... 
4	Here be a divine monument to a single man 's struggle to regain his life , his dignity and his music . 
3	Schaeffer be n't in this film , which may be why it work as well a it do . 
3	Your child will be occupy for 72 minute . 
0	This hastily mount production exist only to capitalize on Hopkins ' inclination to play Hannibal Lecter again , even though Harris have no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book . 
2	A pint-sized ` Goodfellas ' design to appeal to the young set , it 's not a very good movie in any objective sense , but it do mostly hold one 's interest . 
4	This documentary be a dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder of what -LRB- Evans -RRB- have , lose , and get back . 
1	As earnest a a community-college advertisement , American Chai be enough to make you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school . 
3	A thoroughly enjoyable , heartfelt coming-of-age comedy . 
3	It 's good than The Phantom Menace . 
2	An unintentional parody of every teen movie make in the last five year . 
0	This ludicrous film be predictable at every turn . 
1	The movie be n't painfully bad , something to be ` fully experience ' ; it 's just tediously bad , something to be fully forget . 
2	This will go on so long a there be moviegoer anxious to see strange young guy do strange guy thing . 
3	Alternately hilarious and sad , aggravate and soulful , scathing and joyous . 
4	The year 2002 have conjure up more coming-of-age story than seem possible , but Take Care of My Cat emerge a the very best of them . 
2	It briefly flirt with player masochism , but the point of real interest - -- audience sadism -- be evade completely . 
3	The best film of the year 2002 . 
4	A moving and not infrequently breathtaking film . 
3	An ambitious ` what if ? ' 
4	A slam-bang extravaganza that be all about a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time . 
1	overstylized 
0	Vulgar be too optimistic a title . 
3	Campanella 's competent direction and his excellent cast overcome the obstacle of a predictable outcome and a screenplay that gloss over Rafael 's evolution . 
4	A refreshingly realistic , affectation-free coming-of-age tale . 
1	What 's need so badly but what be virtually absent here be either a saving dark humor or the feel of poetic tragedy . 
3	Left me with the visceral sensation of longing , last trace of Charlotte 's web of desire and desperation . 
2	`` The Kid Stays in the Picture '' be a great story , terrifically tell by the man who write it but this Cliff Notes edition be a cheat . 
3	You can almost see Mendes and company get together before a single frame have be shoot and collectively vow , ` This be go to be something really good . ' 
1	The screenwriter dig themselves in deep every time they toss logic and science into what be essentially a `` Dungeons and Dragons '' fantasy with modern military weaponry ... 
3	A fascinating examination of the joyous , turbulent self-discovery make by a proper , middle-aged woman . 
4	Its use of the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine way in which people 's life cross and change , buffet by event seemingly out of their control , be intrigue , provocative stuff . 
2	Visually excite sci-fi film which suffer from a lackluster screenplay . 
2	A sterling film - a cross between Boys Do n't Cry , Deliverance , and Ode to Billy Joe - lie somewhere in the story of Matthew Shepard , but that film be yet to be make . 
2	Narc can only remind u of brilliant crime drama without become one itself . 
0	The actor improvise and scream their way around this movie directionless , lack any of the rollick dark humor so necessary to make this kind of idea work on screen . 
1	Kapur weigh down the tale with bogus profundity . 
2	Provides a porthole into that noble , tremble incoherence that define u all . 
4	One of the great film I 've ever see . 
1	By turn numbingly dull-witted and disquietingly creepy . 
4	Poignant and moving , A Walk to Remember be an inspirational love story , capture the innocence and idealism of that first encounter . 
1	While the production detail be lavish , film have little insight into the historical period and it artist , particularly in how Sand develop a notorious reputation . 
2	It 's not life-affirming -- it vulgar and mean , but I like it . 
4	` Anyone with a passion for cinema , and indeed sex , should see it as soon a possible . ' 
4	To call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement , and woe be the horror fan who opt to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest . 
0	Sorority Boys , which be a bad at it be cruel , take every potential laugh and stiletto-stomps the life out of it . 
4	Adaptation be simply brilliant . 
3	I enjoy the movie in a superficial way , while never sure what it purpose be . 
2	The sight of the name Bruce Willis bring to mind image of a violent battlefield action picture , but the film have a lot more on it mind -- maybe too much . 
3	It will make you think twice about what might be go on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster . 
1	Eight Legged Freaks fall flat a a spoof . 
3	While it can be a bit repetitive , overall it 's an entertaining and informative documentary . 
3	Ultimately , `` MIB II '' succeed due to it rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity that it ca n't be dismiss a mindless . 
3	J . Lo will earn her share of the holiday box office pie , although this movie make one thing perfectly clear : She 's a pretty woman , but she 's no working girl . 
0	Some writer dude , I think his name be , uh , Michael Zaidan , be suppose to have like write the screenplay or something , but , dude , the only thing that I ever saw that be write down be the zero on my paycheck . 
2	But this be not a movie about an inhuman monster ; it 's about a very human one . 
1	There 's a persistent theatrical sentiment and a woozy quality to the manner of the storytelling , which undercut the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personify in the film 's simple title . 
3	Splendidly illustrate the ability of the human spirit to overcome adversity . 
3	The filmmaker know how to please the eye , but it be not always the pretty picture that tell the best story . 
2	A fine film , but it would be a lot good if it stick to Betty Fisher and leave out the other story . 
2	But not a whit more . 
1	It 's not a great monster movie . 
2	Might best be enjoy a a daytime soaper . 
2	A drama of great power , yet some member of the audience will leave the theater believe they have see a comedy . 
1	Though Tom Shadyac 's film kick off spookily enough , around the halfway mark it take an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance . 
4	A must-see for fan of thoughtful war film and those interested in the sight and sound of battle . 
4	An enthralling aesthetic experience , one that 's steep in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty . 
2	Berling and 
2	High Crimes know the mistake that bad movie make and be determine not to make them , and maybe that be nobility of a sort . 
1	ZigZag might have be rich and more observant if it be less densely plot . 
0	Despite all the closed-door hanky-panky , the film be essentially juiceless . 
3	American musical comedy a we know it would n't exist without the precedent of Yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit go to the essence of Broadway . 
0	A ` Girls Gone Wild ' video for the boho art-house crowd , The Burning Sensation be n't a definitive counter-cultural document -- it maker be n't remove and inquisitive enough for that . 
2	Kurys never show why , of all the period 's volatile romantic life , Sand and Musset be worth particular attention . 
1	Skip this dreck , rent Animal House and go back to the source . 
1	Reign of Fire never come close to recover from it demented premise , but it do sustain an enjoyable level of ridiculousness . 
2	An overly melodramatic but somewhat insightful French coming-of-age film ... 
1	... a rather bland affair . 
2	Only for young child , if them . 
0	... it be n't the subject matter that ultimately defeat the film ... It be the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second , do I miss something ? '' 
3	Toes the fine line between cheese and earnestness remarkably well ; everything be deliver with such conviction that it 's hard not to be carry away . 
1	... come alive only when it switch gear to the sentimental . 
2	It may even fall into the category of Films You Love to Hate . 
2	Those of you who do n't believe in Santa Claus probably also think that sequel can never capture the magic of the original . 
3	Grant carry the day with impeccable comic timing , raffish charm and pierce intellect . 
4	Good fun , good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , good cinematography . 
2	There be a few chuckle , but not a single gag sequence that really score , and the star seem to be in two different movie . 
2	For all the complication , it 's all surprisingly predictable . 
3	Michael Moore have perfect the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making , and he 's get a potent a topic a ever here . 
2	Sometimes entertaining , sometimes indulgent -- but never less than pure wankery . 
3	The difference between Cho and most comic be that her confidence in her material be merit . 
3	Delivers the sexy razzle-dazzle that everyone , especially movie musical fan , have be hop for . 
1	Sandra Bullock and Hugh Grant make a great team , but this predictable romantic comedy should get a pink slip . 
4	The film offer an intriguing what-if premise . 
3	Wonder , hope and magic can never escape the heart of the boy when the right movie come along , especially if it begin with the name of Star Wars 
0	Very stupid and annoy . 
3	Aside from Rohmer 's bold choice regard point of view , The Lady and the Duke represent the filmmaker 's lifelong concern with formalist experimentation in cinematic art . 
3	` If you be in the mood for an intelligent weepy , it can easily worm it way into your heart . ' 
0	In the end , the movie bog down in insignificance , say nothing about Kennedy 's assassination and reveal nothing about the pathology it pretend to investigate . 
0	The picture emerge a a surprisingly anemic disappointment . 
1	Though Impostor deviously adopt the guise of a modern motion picture , it too be a bomb . 
1	` It look good , Sonny , but you miss the point . ' 
0	Crummy . 
2	Essentially , the film be weak on detail and strong on personality 
3	Cold , nervy and memorable . 
4	A captivate coming-of-age story that may also be the first narrative film to be truly inform by the wireless age . 
0	Nothing about this movie work . 
2	If Mr. Zhang 's subject matter be , to some degree at least , quintessentially American , his approach to storytelling might be call Iranian . 
2	It come off a so silly that you would n't be surprise if BA , Murdock and rest of the A-Team be see give chase in a black and red van . 
3	It 's sort of in-between , and it work . 
2	Impeccably film , sexually charge , but ultimately lack in substance , not to mention drag down by a leaden closing act . 
2	` Tobey Maguire be a poster boy for the geek generation . ' 
2	With Freeman and Judd , I 'll at least remember their character . 
2	A Lifetime movie about men . 
4	Meeting , even exceed expectation , it 's the best sequel since The Empire Strikes Back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonish grandeur and surprising emotional depth . 
3	If you 're burn out on It 's a Wonderful Life marathon and bore with A Christmas Carol , it might just be the movie you 're look for . 
1	Parker can not sustain the buoyant energy level of the film 's city beginning into it country conclusion ' 
2	Kenneth Branagh 's energetic sweet-and-sour performance a a curmudgeonly British playwright ground this overstuffed , erratic dramedy in which he and his improbably forbear wife contend with craziness and child-rearing in Los Angeles . 
0	Just another disjoint , fairly predictable psychological thriller . 
1	Pretend it 's a werewolf itself by avoid eye contact and walk slowly away . 
4	A remarkable film by Bernard Rose . 
3	With amazing finesse , the film shadow Heidi 's trip back to Vietnam and the city where her mother , Mai Thi Kim , still live . 
0	There 's too much force drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man 's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present . 
1	Tedious Norwegian offering which somehow snag an Oscar nomination . 
3	It look closely , insightfully at fragile , complex relationship . 
2	Mildly entertaining . 
2	Some stunning visuals -- and some staggeringly boring cinema . 
0	From the choppy editing to the annoy score to ` special effect ' by way of replace object in a character 's hand below the camera line , `` Besotted '' be misbegotten 
3	The hypnotic imagery and fragmentary tale explore the connection between place and personal identity . 
2	Ze movie start out so funny , then she be nothing . 
1	Instead of try to bust some blonde , -LRB- Diggs -RRB- should be probe why a guy with his talent end up in a movie this bad . 
2	Suffers from a decided lack of creative storytelling . 
3	There 's back-stabbing , inter-racial desire and , most importantly , sing and dance . 
3	Director Todd Solondz have make a movie about critical reaction to his two previous movie , and about his responsibility to the character that he create . 
4	The enjoyable Undercover Brother , a zany mix of Saturday Night Live-style parody , '70s Blaxploitation film and goofball action comedy go wild , dish out a ton of laugh that everyone can enjoy . 
1	I find the movie a divide against itself a the dysfunctional family it portray . 
4	Between them , De Niro and Murphy make Showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season . 
2	What ` Dumb and Dumber ' would have be without the vulgarity and with an intelligent , life-affirming script . 
0	A movie in which two not very absorb character be engage in a romance you ca n't wait to see end . 
3	... spice with humor -LRB- ' I speak fluent flatula , ' advise Denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand -RRB- and witty updating -LRB- Silver 's parrot have be replace with Morph , a cute alien creature who mimic everyone and everything around -RRB- 
4	This be a sincerely crafted picture that deserve to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movie . 
4	What elevate the movie above the run-of-the-mill single blender be it surreal sense of humor and technological finish . 
2	While not quite a comedy , the film tackle it relatively serious subject with an open mind and considerable good cheer , and be never less than engaging . 
2	While the new film be much more eye-catching than it blood-drenched Stephen Norrington-directed predecessor , the new script by the returning David S. Goyer be much silly . 
1	Frankly , it 's pretty stupid . 
3	You 'll know a star when you see one . 
1	An entertainment so in love with it overinflated mythology that it no longer recognize the need of moviegoer for real character and compel plot . 
2	Yep , it 's `` Waking up in Reno . '' 
2	Vividly convey the shadow side of the 30-year friendship between two English woman . 
1	The end result be like cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump . 
4	What make Salton Sea surprisingly engross be that Caruso take an atypically hypnotic approach to a world that 's often handle in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion . 
3	-LRB- P -RRB- artnering Murphy with Robert De Niro for the TV-cops comedy Showtime would seem to be surefire casting . 
1	Full of the kind of obnoxious chitchat that only self-aware neurotic engage in . 
1	This dubious product of a college-spawned -LRB- Colgate U . -RRB- comedy ensemble know a Broken Lizard play like a mix of Cheech and Chong and CHiPs . 
1	Not only do LeBlanc make one spectacularly ugly-looking broad , but he appear miserable throughout a he swagger through his scene . 
2	The climactic event be so well realize that you may forget all about the original conflict , just like the movie do 
0	A sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama with clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and an overly-familiar set of plot device . 
2	Depending upon your reaction to this movie , you may never again be able to look at a red felt Sharpie pen without disgust , a thrill , or the giggle . 
4	It 's a cool event for the whole family . 
3	The journey to the secret 's eventual discovery be a separate adventure , and thrill enough . 
0	Coarse , cliched and clunky , this trifle romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no good reason than that the screenplay demand it squander the charm of star Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock . 
2	Greengrass -LRB- work from Don Mullan 's script -RRB- forgo the large socio-political picture of the situation in Northern Ireland in favour of an approach that throw one in the pulsate thick of a truly frightening situation . 
2	Lan Yu be certainly a serviceable melodrama , but it do n't even try for the greatness that Happy Together shoot for -LRB- and miss -RRB- . 
3	And Lee seem just a expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception . 
2	If you 're look for a tale of Brits behave badly , watch Snatch again . 
1	The movie be not as terrible a the synergistic impulse that create it . 
4	Schnitzler do a fine job contrast the sleekness of the film 's present with the playful paranoia of the film 's past . ' 
1	A horror movie with seriously dumb character , which somewhat dilute the pleasure of watch them stalk by creepy-crawly bug thing that live only in the darkness . 
0	... play like a badly edit , 91-minute trailer -LRB- and -RRB- the director ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm go . 
2	Twenty year later , Reggio still know how to make a point with poetic imagery , but his ability to startle have be stifle by the very prevalence of the fast-forward technology that he so stringently take to task . 
2	You could love Safe Conduct -LRB- Laissez Passer -RRB- for be a subtitle French movie that be 170 minute long . 
4	Salma go native and she 's never be well in this colorful bio-pic of a Mexican icon . 
1	Borrows from other movie like it in the most ordinary and obvious fashion . 
1	You emerge daze , confuse a to whether you 've see pornography or documentary . 
3	An average kid-empowerment fantasy with slightly above-average brain . 
4	Ben Kingsley be truly funny , play a kind of Ghandi go bad . 
3	Seeks to transcend it genre with a curiously stylize , quasi-Shakespearean portrait of pure misogynist evil . 
1	A sham construct base on theory , sleight-of-hand , and ill-wrought hypothesis . 
3	Passion , melodrama , sorrow , laugther , and tear cascade over the screen effortlessly ... 
0	Banal and predictable . 
0	You expect more from director Michael Apted -LRB- Enigma -RRB- and screenwriter Nicholas Kazan -LRB- Reversal of Fortune -RRB- than this cliche pileup . 
1	With flashbulb edit a cover for the absence of narrative continuity , Undisputed be nearly incoherent , an excuse to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who win . 
3	The Chateau be a risky venture that never quite go where you expect and often surprise you with unexpected comedy . 
3	Watching Austin Powers in Goldmember be like binge on cotton candy . 
1	In the wrong hand , i.e . Peploe 's , it 's simply unbearable 
0	Two hour of junk . 
2	A perfectly respectable , perfectly inoffensive , easily forgettable film . 
4	A colorful , joyous celebration of life ; a tapestry woven of romance , dance , singing , and unforgettable character . 
2	So here it be : It 's about a family of sour immortal . 
1	The film fall short on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- thing that have make the original New Testament story so compel for 20 century . 
2	A cautionary tale about the grandiosity of a college student who see himself a impervious to a fall . 
3	An affectionately goofy satire that 's unafraid to throw elbow when necessary ... 
4	In addition to Hoffman 's powerful act clinic , this be that rare drama that offer a thoughtful and reward glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone have felt , or will feel someday . 
1	When ` science fiction ' take advantage of the fact that it intend audience have n't yet have much science , it do a disservice to the audience and to the genre . 
3	By halfway through this picture I be begin to hate it , and , of course , feel guilty for it ... Then , miracle of miracle , the movie do a flip-flop . 
3	... a funny yet dark and seedy clash of culture and generation . 
0	What 's most offensive be n't the waste of a good cast , but the film 's denial of sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism . 
4	Everyone 's insecure in Lovely and Amazing , a poignant and wryly amusing film about mother , daughter and their relationship . 
0	It be n't quite one of the bad movie of the year . 
3	Directed by Kevin Bray , whose crisp framing , edgy camera work , and wholesale ineptitude with acting , tone and pace very obviously mark him a a video helmer make his feature debut . 
3	Hard to resist . 
0	An almost unbearably morbid love story . 
3	Dark and unrepentant , this excursion into the epicenter of percolate mental instability be not easily dismiss or forget . 
3	A pleasing , often-funny comedy . 
1	There 's not a spark of new inspiration in it , just more of the same , do with noticeably less energy and imagination . 
1	Murphy and Wilson actually make a pretty good team ... but the project surround them be distressingly rote . 
1	It 's one thing to read about or rail against the ongoing - and unprecedented - construction project go on over our head . 
1	Its and piece of The Hot Chick be so hilarious , and Schneider 's performance be so fine , it 's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , a in The Animal -- be a slapdash mess . 
1	The abide impression , despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , be of overwhelm waste -- the acre of haute couture ca n't quite conceal that there 's nothing resemble a spine here . 
4	Arguably the best script that Besson have write in year . 
4	It 's a lovely , eerie film that cast an odd , rapt spell . 
0	Unfortunately , it 's also not very good . 
3	Like Kubrick , Soderbergh be n't afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way . 
0	The kind of film that leave you scratch your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an ill-advised and poorly execute idea . 
1	Writer-director Ritchie reduce Wertmuller 's social more and politics to tiresome jargon . 
3	The pleasure that it do afford may be enough to keep many moviegoer occupy amidst some of the more serious-minded concern of other year-end movie . 
2	Dull and mechanical , kinda like a very goofy museum exhibit 
2	You know that ten buck you 'd spend on a ticket ? 
3	It put Washington , a honest work man John Q. Archibald , on a pedestal , then keep lift the pedestal high . 
1	Content merely to lionize it title character and exploit his anger - all for easy sanctimony , formulaic thrill and a ham-fisted sermon on the need for national health insurance . 
3	A realistically terrifying movie that put another notch in the belt of the long list of renegade-cop tale . 
4	That Storytelling have value can not be deny . 
0	The main character be simply name The Husband , The Wife and The Kidnapper , emphasize the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort . 
4	Brilliantly write and well-acted , Yellow Asphalt be an uncompromising film . 
3	Miller tell this very compelling tale with little fuss or noise , expertly pluck tension from quiet . 
4	borrow a bit from the classic `` Wait Until Dark '' and `` Extremities '' ... But in term of it style , the movie be in a class by itself . 
2	Almost everything about the film be unsettle , from the preposterous hairpiece wear by Lai 's villainous father to the endless action sequence . 
3	An old cad instruct a young lad in Zen and the art of get lay in this prickly indie comedy of manner and misanthropy . 
1	Often demented in a good way , but it be an uneven film for the most part . 
1	While the ensemble player who gain notice in Guy Ritchie 's Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels and Snatch have the bod , he 's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle . 
1	The advantage of a postapocalyptic setting be that it can be make on the cheap . 
2	meander between it powerful moment . 
4	As commander-in-chief of this film , Bigelow demonstrate a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propel her into the upper echelon of the directing world . 
3	It may not be a great piece of filmmaking , but it power come from it soul 's - eye view of how well-meaning patronizing mask a social injustice , at least a represent by this case . 
4	The entire cast be first-rate , especially Sorvino . 
3	Walter Hill 's Undisputed be like a 1940s Warner Bros. . 
4	... could easily be call the best Korean film of 2002 . 
0	A predictable , manipulative stinker . 
2	The plot plummet into a comedy graveyard before Janice come race to the rescue in the final reel . 
3	` Alice 's adventure through the look glass and into zombie-land ' be fill with strange and wonderful creature . 
4	Part of the film 's cheeky charm come from it vintage schmaltz . 
3	Yes , it 's as good a you remember . 
1	As the Mediterranean sparkle , ` Swept Away ' sink . 
0	This painfully unfunny farce traffic in tired stereotype and encumbers itself with complication ... that have no bearing on the story . 
4	... once the true impact of the day unfold , the power of this movie be undeniable . 
4	An interesting psychological game of cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional character and believable performance all add up to a satisfying crime drama . 
4	Nicole Kidman make it a party worth attend . 
2	The Balkans provide the obstacle course for the love of a good woman . 
3	Its story about a young Chinese woman , Ah Na , who have come to New York City to replace past tragedy with the American Dream be one that any art-house moviegoer be likely to find compelling . 
2	The Ring be worth a look , if you do n't demand much more than a few cheap thrill from your Halloween entertainment . 
0	Make like the title and dodge this one . 
1	Its message have merit and , in the hand of a brutally honest individual like Prophet Jack , might have make a point or two regard life . 
3	Adaptation be intricately construct and in a strange way nail all of Orlean 's theme without be a true adaptation of her book . 
3	It 's a solid movie about people whose life be anything but . 
3	Nicks sustain the level of exaggerated , stylized humor throughout by take your expectation and twist them just a bit . 
1	The problem with `` XXX '' be that it own action be n't very effective . 
2	There 's a bit of thematic meat on the bone of Queen of the Damned , a it origin in an Anne Rice novel dictate , but generally , it 's a movie that emphasize style over character and substance . 
3	The film be delicately narrate by Martin Landau and direct with sensitivity and skill by Dana Janklowicz-Mann . 
1	SC2 be an autopilot Hollywood concoction lack in imagination and authentic Christmas spirit , yet it 's gear toward an audience full of master of both . 
3	Remove Spider-Man the movie from it red herring surroundings and it 's apparent that this be one summer film that satisfies . 
3	A meaty deeper begin and\/or end would have easily tip this film into the `` A '' range , a be , it 's a very very strong `` B + . '' 
4	... a triumph of emotionally and narratively complex filmmaking . 
4	A winning comedy with it wry observation about long-lived friendship and the way in which we all lose track of ourselves by try to please others . 
4	Fantastic ! 
3	Large budget notwithstanding , the movie be such a blip on the year 's radar screen that it 's tempt just to go with it for the ride . 
0	It 's uninteresting . 
1	Little more than a well-mounted history lesson . 
4	Leave it to the French to truly capture the terrify angst of the modern work man without turn the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama . 
3	Although the film boil down to a lightweight story about matchmaking , the character make Italian for Beginners worth the journey 
0	Will probably be one of those movie barely register a blip on the radar screen of 2002 . 
1	An incredibly narrow in-joke target to the tiny segment of an already obscure demographic . 
3	Hoffman 's performance be authentic to the core of his be . 
4	Bluer than the Atlantic and more biologically detail than an autopsy , the movie ... be , also , frequently hilarious . 
3	Some remarkable achival film about how Shanghai -LRB- of all place -RRB- serve Jews who escape the Holocaust . 
3	In paint an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose song spring directly from the life of the people , the movie exalt the Marxian dream of honest work folk , with little to show for their labor , live harmoniously , join in song . 
1	Somewhere inside the mess that be World Traveler , there be a mediocre movie try to get out . 
3	Everything about The Quiet American be good , except it timing . 
3	This rich , bittersweet Israeli documentary , about the life of song-and-dance-man Pasach ` ke Burstein and his family , transcend ethnic line . 
4	Writer\/director David Caesar ladle on the local flavour with a hugely enjoyable film about change time , clash culture and the pleasure of a well-made pizza . 
1	I have to admit that I be baffle by Jason X . 
4	A smart , compel drama . 
3	Drumline ably capture the complicated relationship in a marching band . 
2	Oh , and Booty Call . 
0	It be messy , uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd . 
3	Confessions be without a doubt a memorable directorial debut from King Hunk . 
2	Do n't expect any subtlety from this late entry in the increasingly threadbare gross-out comedy cycle . 
4	Canadian filmmaker Gary Burns ' inventive and mordantly humorous take on the soullessness of work in the city . 
0	New way of describe badness need to be invent to describe exactly how bad it be . 
1	A film that suffers because of it many excess . 
4	Brings an irresistible blend of warmth and humor and a consistent embrace humanity in the face of life 's harshness . 
1	-LRB- The film 's -RRB- taste for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all but those wean on the comedy of Tom Green and the Farrelly Brothers . 
1	Its screenplay serve a auto-critique , and it clumsiness a it own most damning censure . 
4	Uplifting a only a document of the bad possibility of mankind can be , and among the best film of the year . 
1	The film be flat . 
3	A fascinating , unnerve examination of the delusion of one unstable man . 
2	Feels a if the inmate have actually take over the asylum . 
3	This be unusual , food-for-thought cinema that 's as entertaining a it be instructive . 
3	Watching The Powerpuff Girls Movie , my mind keep return to one anecdote for comparison : the cartoon in Japan that give people seizure . 
4	A funny , triumphant , and move documentary . 
3	Just when you think that every possible angle have be exhaust by documentarians , another new film emerge with yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective . 
2	A witty , trenchant , wildly unsentimental but flaw look at the in and out of modern moviemaking . 
2	Please . 
3	A thriller with an edge -- which be to say that it do n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which have become commonplace in movie that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world . 
2	No matter how you slice it , Mark Wahlberg and Thandie Newton be not Hepburn and Grant , two cinematic icon with chemistry galore . 
1	Death to Smoochy tell a moldy-oldie , not-nearly - as-nasty - as-it - thinks-it-is joke . 
0	Dripping with cliche and bypass no opportunity to trivialize the material . 
3	If you 're look for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger , ENOUGH be just the ticket you need . 
1	Unfortunately , there be almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either . 
4	Not to mention absolutely refresh . 
0	My precious new Star Wars movie be a lumbering , wheezy drag ... 
1	Boyd 's screenplay -LRB- co-written with Guardian hack Nick Davies -RRB- have a florid turn of phrase that owe more to Guy Ritchie than the Bard of Avon . 
2	Bacon keep thing interesting , but do n't go out of your way to pay full price . 
0	A horrible , 99-minute stink bomb . 
0	A laughable -- or rather , unlaughable -- excuse for a film . 
1	A big fat pain . 
3	There 's nothing more satisfying during a summer of event movie than a spy thriller like The Bourne Identity that 's pack with just a much intelligence a action . 
3	Like Mike be n't go to make box office money that make Michael Jordan jealous , but it have some cute moment , funny scene , and hit the target audience -LRB- young Bow Wow fan -RRB- - with nothing but net . 
4	By turn very dark and very funny . 
3	The Last Kiss will probably never achieve the popularity of My Big Fat Greek Wedding , but it provocative central wedding sequence have far more impact . 
0	` Punch-Drunk Love be so convinced of it own brilliance that , if it be a person , you 'd want to smash it face in . ' 
1	I 've have more interesting -- and , dare I say , thematically complex -- bowel movement than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama . 
4	Woody Allen have really find his groove these day . 
1	A soap-opera quality twist in the last 20 minute ... almost put the kibosh on what be otherwise a sumptuous work of B-movie imagination . 
3	A coming-of-age tale from New Zealand whose boozy , languid air be balance by a rich visual clarity and deeply felt performance across the board . 
2	`` What really happen ? '' 
1	... less a story than an inexplicable nightmare , right down to the population 's shrug acceptance to each new horror . 
4	`` The best Disney movie since the Lion King '' 
0	A devastating indictment of unbridled greed and materalism . 
1	The whole movie be simply a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking that ask you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well . 
3	Skin Of Man get a few cheap shock from it kids-in-peril theatrics , but it also tap into the primal fear of young people try to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adult . 
2	Overall , it 's a pretty mediocre family film . 
3	But even while his character be act horribly , he be always sympathetic . 
4	Impresses a a skillfully assemble , highly polish and professional adaptation ... just about a chilling and unsettling a ` Manhunter ' be . 
4	An engrossing and grim portrait of hooker : what they think of themselves and their client . 
1	Makes the same mistake a the music industry it criticize , become so slick and watered-down it almost lose what make you love it in the first place . 
2	Some motion picture portray ultimate passion ; others create ultimate thrill . 
1	Yet another genre exercise , Gangster No . 1 be as generic a it title . 
4	First and foremost ... the reason to go see `` Blue Crush '' be the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by David Hennings . 
0	An awful lot like one of -LRB- Spears ' -RRB- music video in content -- except that it go on for at least 90 more minute and , bad , that you have to pay if you want to see it . 
1	In other word , it 's just another sport drama\/character study . 
3	It 's not too fast and not too slow . 
0	Get out your pooper-scoopers . 
1	The one not-so-small problem with Expecting be that the entire exercise have no real point . 
1	Starts off witty and sophisticated and you want to love it -- but filmmaker Yvan Attal quickly write himself into a corner . 
3	According to Wendigo , ` nature ' love the member of the upper class almost as much a they love themselves . 
1	Then you get another phone call warning you that if the video be n't back at Blockbuster before midnight , you 're go to face frighten late fee . 
3	Often messy and frustrating , but very pleasing at it best moment , it 's very much like life itself . 
1	But unless you 're an absolute rave Star Wars junkie , it be n't much fun . 
1	The inherent limitation of use a video game a the source material movie be once again make all too clear in this schlocky horror\/action hybrid . 
2	It 's difficult for a longtime admirer of his work to not be sweep up in Invincible and overlook it drawback . 
4	With this masterful , flawless film , -LRB- Wang -RRB- emerge in the front rank of China 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmaker . 
2	The farcical element seem too pat and familiar to hold my interest , yet it diverting grim message be a good one . 
1	Much like Robin Williams , Death to Smoochy have already reach it expiration date . 
3	And for many of u , that 's good enough . 
2	Sinks into the usual cafeteria goulash of fart joke , masturbation joke , and racist Japanese joke . 
1	A puzzle whose piece do not fit . 
1	Though a capable thriller , somewhere along the way K-19 jettison some crucial drama . 
1	A movie you observe , rather than one you enter into . 
2	scenario that will give most parent pause ... Then , something terrible happens . 
3	The ingenious construction -LRB- adapt by David Hare from Michael Cunningham 's novel -RRB- constantly flow forward and back , weave theme among three strand which allow u to view event a if through a prism 
3	Those who trek to the ` plex predispose to like it probably will enjoy themselves . 
2	... tackle a low-budget movie in which inexperienced child play the two main character might not be the best way to cut your teeth in the film industry . 
1	Ignoring that , he make Swimfan anyway 
0	About a enjoyable , I would imagine , a search for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful . 
3	Though intrepid in explore an attraction that cross sexual identity , Ozpetek fall short in show u Antonia 's true emotion ... But at the very least , His Secret Life will leave you think . 
3	A conventional , but well-crafted film about a historic legal battle in Ireland over a man 's right to raise his own child . 
0	This be just lazy writing . 
1	Hart 's War seem to want to be a character study , but apparently ca n't quite decide which character . 
0	Contrived , awkward and fill with unintended laugh , the film show sign that someone other than the director get into the editing room and try to improve thing by make the movie go faster . 
0	The movie be about as humorous a watch your favorite pet get bury alive . 
4	A riveting documentary . 
4	MY LITTLE EYE be the best little `` horror '' movie I 've see in year . 
1	Unfortunately , a cast of competent performer from movie , television and the theater be cast adrift in various New York City location with no unifying rhythm or visual style . 
3	Reveals how important our special talent can be when put in service of of others . 
3	Crush be so warm and fuzzy you might be able to forgive it mean-spirited second half . 
1	The film 's desire to be like sometimes undermine the possibility for an exploration of the thornier aspect of the nature\/nurture argument in regard to homosexuality . 
3	Jolie give it that extra little something that make it worth check out at theater , especially if you 're in the mood for something more comfortable than challenge . 
1	Unfortunately , we 'd prefer a simple misfire . 
1	This be very much of a mixed bag , with enough negative to outweigh the positive . 
2	Although tender and touching , the movie would have benefit from a little more dramatic tension and some more editing . 
1	Officially , it be twice a bestial but half a funny . 
0	An ugly-duckling tale so hideously and clumsily tell it feel accidental . 
3	About the best thing you could say about Narc be that it 's a rock-solid little genre picture . 
0	A film that should be relegate to a dark video store corner be somehow make it way instead to theater . 
2	Deserves high mark for political courage but barely get by on it artistic merit . 
2	It 's Young Guns meet Goodfellas in this easily skippable hayseeds-vs . 
0	... unbearably lame . 
1	Real-life strongman Ahola lack the charisma and ability to carry the film on his admittedly broad shoulder . 
1	An artful yet depress film that make a melodramatic mountain out of the molehill of a miss bike . 
1	It 's get the brawn , but not the brain . 
2	Too ordinary to restore -LRB- Harmon -RRB- to prominence , despite some creepy scene that evoke childish night terror , and a praiseworthy attempt to generate suspense rather than gross out the audience . 
3	A sentimental hybrid that could benefit from the spice of specificity . 
0	The slapstick be labor , and the big setpieces flat . 
4	Miyazaki have create such a vibrant , colorful world , it 's almost impossible not to be sweep away by the sheer beauty of his image . 
1	Less than fresh . 
1	It squander Chan 's uniqueness ; it could even be say to squander Jennifer Love Hewitt ! 
0	This be the sort of low-grade dreck that usually go straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dub dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mike . 
3	Like The Rugrats movie , The Wild Thornberrys Movie do n't offer much more than the series , but it emphasis on care for animal and respect other culture be particularly welcome . 
1	In truth , it have all the heart of a porno flick -LRB- but none of the sheer lust -RRB- . 
1	Perhaps even the SLC high command find writer-director Mitch Davis 's wall of kitsch hard go . 
0	It 's quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the Cannes Film Festival and yet fail to capture it visual appeal or it atmosphere . 
0	Many go to see the attraction for the sole reason that it be hot outside and there be air condition inside , and I do n't think that A.C. will help this movie one bit . 
1	Grant be certainly amusing , but the very hollowness of the character he play keep him at arm length 
4	The script by David Koepp be perfectly serviceable and because he give the story some soul ... he elevate the experience to a more mythic level . 
3	Washington overcome the script 's flaw and envelop the audience in his character 's anguish , anger and frustration . 
4	Well-acted , well-directed and , for all it moodiness , not too pretentious . 
1	Been there , do that , like it much well the first time around - when it be call The Professional . 
1	While you have to admit it 's semi-amusing to watch Robert DeNiro belt out `` When you 're a Jet , you 're a Jet all the way , '' it 's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyric to `` Tonight . '' 
3	As a kind of colorful , dramatized PBS program , Frida get the job do . 
2	It 's a boom-box of a movie that might have be title ` The Loud and the Ludicrous ' ... the pandering to a moviegoing audience dominate by young male be all too calculate . 
3	It 's not go to be everyone 's bag of popcorn , but it definitely give you something to chew on . 
2	I 'm not generally a fan of vegetable but this batch be pretty cute . 
4	Each of these story have the potential for Touched by an Angel simplicity and sappiness , but Thirteen Conversations About One Thing , for all it generosity and optimism , never resort to easy feel-good sentiment . 
0	`` Sorority Boys '' be funnier , and that movie be pretty bad . 
1	There 's something fishy about a seasonal holiday kid ' movie ... that derive it moment of most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where Santa give gift to grownup . 
1	I have n't see such self-amused trash since Freddy Got Fingered . 
3	Ramsay and Morton fill this character study with poetic force and buoyant feeling . 
0	With the cheesy monster this side of a horror spoof , which They be n't , it be more likely to induce sleep than fright . 
2	Dogtown and Z-Boys more than expose the root of the skateboarding boom that would become `` the punk kid ' revolution . '' 
2	To some eye 
0	Most of the movie be so deadly dull that watch the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement . 
4	That Haynes can both maintain and dismantle the facade that his genre and his character construct be a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace . 
2	This be a nervy , risky film , and Villeneuve have inspire Croze to give herself over completely to the tormented persona of Bibi . 
0	It 's a barely tolerable slog over well-trod ground . 
0	That such a horrible movie could have spring from such a great one be one of the year 's bad cinematic tragedy . 
0	That chirpy songbird Britney Spears have pop up with more mindless drivel . 
1	The Master of Disguise fall under the category of ` should have be a sketch on Saturday Night Live . ' 
1	A good-natured ensemble comedy that try hard to make the most of a bumper cast , but never quite get off the ground . 
3	Like a precious and finely cut diamond , magnificent to behold in it sparkling beauty yet in reality it 's one tough rock . 
1	Overall tomfoolery like this be a matter of taste . 
4	What result be the best performance from either in year . 
0	You 'll trudge out of the theater feeling a though you ride the Zipper after eat a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy . 
4	The actor be simply too good , and the story too intriguing , for technical flaw to get in the way . 
3	Yes , but also intriguing and honorable , a worthwhile addition to a distinguish film legacy . 
2	It may be about drug dealer , kidnapping , and unsavory folk , but the tone and pacing be shockingly intimate . 
1	Laggard drama wend it way to an uninspired philosophical epiphany . 
4	When a movie have stick around for this long , you know there 's something there . 
2	But Death to Smoochy keep fire until the bitter end . 
3	A dashing and absorb out with one of France 's most inventive director . 
1	Dogtown be hollow , self-indulgent , and - bad of all - boring . 
2	Barrels along at the start before become mire in sentimentality . 
4	The case be a convince one , and should give anyone with a conscience reason to pause . 
4	An uplifting , near-masterpiece . 
3	A keep - 'em - guessing plot and an affectionate take on it screwed-up character . 
0	A loud , low-budget and tired formula film that arrive cloak in the euphemism ` urban drama . ' 
1	Plays like a glossy melodrama that occasionally verge on camp . 
1	When -LRB- Reno -RRB- let her radical flag fly , take angry potshot at George W. Bush , Henry Kissinger , Larry King , et al . , Reno devolve into a laugh-free lecture . 
1	Mattei 's underdeveloped effort here be nothing but a convenient conveyor belt of brood personality that parade about a if they be come back from Stock Character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuate by it own pretentious self-examination . 
1	A baffling subplot involve smuggle drug inside Danish cow fall flat , and if you 're go to alter the Bard 's end , you 'd better have a good alternative . 
0	` In this poor remake of such a well love classic , Parker expose the limitation of his skill and the basic flaw in his vision . ' 
0	Offers no new insight on the matter , nor do it character exactly spring to life . 
1	... a low rate Annie feature some kid who ca n't act , only echo of Jordan , and weirdo actor Crispin Glover screw thing up old school . 
4	The quirky drama touch the heart and the funnybone thanks to the energetic and always surprising performance by Rachel Griffiths . 
0	-LRB- A -RRB- poorly execute comedy . 
4	A deftly entertaining film , smartly play and smartly direct . 
3	As chilling and fascinating a Philippe Mora 's modern Hitler-study , Snide and Prejudice . 
4	It 's that rare family movie -- genuine and sweet without rely on animation or dumb humor . 
3	Cox create a fluid and mesmerize sequence of image to match the word of Nijinsky 's diary . 
1	The whole affair , true story or not , feel incredibly hokey ... -LRB- it -RRB- come off like a Hallmark commercial . 
3	Nicholas Nickleby celebrate the human spirit with such unrelenting Dickensian decency that it turn me -LRB- horror ! -RRB- 
2	It be one more celluloid testimonial to the cruelty experience by Southern black a distil through a Caucasian perspective . 
1	It 's a hellish , numb experience to watch , and it do n't offer any insight that have n't be thoroughly debate in the medium already , back in the Dahmer heyday of the mid - '90s . 
1	The film be so packed with subplots involve the various Silbersteins that it feel more like the pilot episode of a TV series than a feature film . 
4	The performance be immaculate , with Roussillon provide comic relief . 
0	A profoundly stupid affair , populate it hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard character and performer who value cash above credibility . 
4	A gem of a movie . 
3	An effective portrait of a life in stasis -- of the power of inertia to arrest development in a dead-end existence . 
4	Simply put , `` Far From Heaven '' be a masterpiece . 
1	The film start promisingly , but the end be all too predictable and far too cliched to really work . 
3	... begin on a high note and sustain it beautifully . 
0	Tries to work in the same vein a the brilliance of Animal House but instead come closer to the failure of the third Revenge of the Nerds sequel . 
3	An instance of an old dog not only learn but invent a remarkable new trick . 
3	Henry Bean 's thoughtful screenplay provide no easy answer , but offer a compelling investigation of faith versus intellect 
1	What begin brightly get bogged down over 140 minute . 
3	... a guiltless film for nice even out . 
2	You might say Tykwer have do all that Heaven allow , if you want to make a anti-Kieslowski a pun a possible . 
4	Shanghai Ghetto may not be as dramatic a Roman Polanski 's The Pianist , but it compassionate spirit soar every bit a high . 
2	`` The Tuxedo '' should have be the vehicle for Chan that `` The Mask '' be for Jim Carrey . 
4	This be one of the year 's best film . 
1	The film never find it tone and several scene run too long . 
4	An entertaining British hybrid of comedy , caper thrill and quirky romance . 
1	Nothing more or less than an outright bodice-ripper -- it should have ditch the artsy pretension and revel in the entertaining shallow . 
3	The powerful success of Read My Lips with such provocative material show why , after only three film , director\/co-writer Jacques Audiard , though little know in this country , belong in the very top rank of French filmmaker . 
1	Big mistake . 
2	Far away . 
3	Enthusiastically take up the current teen movie concern with bodily function , Walt Becker 's film push all the demographically appropriate comic button . 
0	Unfortunately , the experience of actually watch the movie be less compel than the circumstance of it making . 
2	Saved from be merely way-cool by a basic , credible compassion . 
1	For a film about explosion and death and spy , `` Ballistic : Ecks vs . Sever '' seem as safe a a child 's film . 
0	The title , alone , should scare any sane person away . 
0	Another boorish movie from the I-heard-a-joke - at-a-frat-party school of screenwriting . 
4	... even if you 've never hear of Chaplin , you 'll still be glue to the screen . 
2	An original little film about one young woman 's education . 
1	Unwieldy contraption . 
1	Well , in some of those , the mother deer even die . 
2	You really have to salute writer-director Haneke -LRB- he adapt Elfriede Jelinek 's novel -RRB- for make a film that be n't nearly a graphic but much more powerful , brutally shock and difficult to watch . 
3	In his late effort , Storytelling , Solondz have finally make a movie that be n't just offensive -- it also happen to be good . 
3	... quite endear . 
1	It 's hard to pity the ` plain ' girl who become a ravish waif after apply a smear of lip-gloss . 
2	It 's the movie equivalent of a sweaty old guy in a rain coat shopping for cheap porn . 
1	The only pain you 'll feel a the credit roll be your stomach grumbling for some tasty grub . 
2	The threat 
1	Wanders all over the map thematically and stylistically , and borrow heavily from Lynch , Jeunet , and von Trier while fail to find a spark of it own . 
4	Blessed with a searing lead performance by Ryan Gosling -LRB- Murder by Numbers -RRB- , the movie be powerful and provocative . 
1	It 's depress to see how far Herzog have fall . 
2	Charming , if overly complicate ... 
3	The film have an infectious enthusiasm and we 're touch by the film 's conviction that all life center on that place , that time and that sport . 
0	You 'll just have your head in your hand wonder why Lee 's character do n't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery . 
3	Secretary be just too original to be ignore . 
1	Despite it dry wit and compassion , the film suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing . 
0	What should have be a cut Hollywood satire be instead about as fresh a last week 's issue of Variety . 
4	Beautiful to watch and hold a certain charm . 
4	The camera soar above the globe in dazzle panoramic shot that make the most of the large-screen format , before swoop down on a string of exotic locale , scoop the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm . 
3	-LRB- Grant -RRB- go beyond his usual fluttering and stammering and capture the soul of a man in pain who gradually come to recognize it and deal with it . 
1	-LRB- A -RRB- stale retread of the '53 original . 
0	It make even Elizabeth Hurley seem graceless and ugly . 
1	Blood Work be laughable in the solemnity with which it try to pump life into overworked element from Eastwood 's Dirty Harry period . 
1	Anyone not into high-tech splatterfests be advise to take the warning literally , and log on to something more user-friendly . 
2	It 's mindless junk like this that make you appreciate original romantic comedy like Punch-Drunk Love . 
1	The code talker deserve good than a hollow tribute . 
2	Underachieves only in not take the Shakespeare parallel quite far enough . 
2	Since the movie be base on a Nicholas Sparks best seller , you know death be lurk around the corner , just wait to spoil thing . 
2	Tsai Ming-liang 's ghost be painfully aware of their not-being . 
3	On the Granger Movie Gauge of 1 to 10 , The Powerpuff Girls be a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- aim specifically at a grade-school audience . 
1	The explosion essentially ruin -- or , rather , overpower -- the fiction of the movie for me . 
3	This be n't exactly profound cinema , but it 's good-natured and sometimes quite funny . 
0	A pathetic exploitation film that try to seem sincere , and just seem bad for the effort . 
1	The nice thing that can be say about Stealing Harvard -LRB- which might have be call Freddy Gets Molested by a Dog -RRB- be that it 's not as obnoxious a Tom Green 's Freddie Got Fingered . 
4	Full of detail about the man and his country , and be well worth see . 
1	work on the whodunit level a it large theme get lose in the murk of it own making 
2	May seriously impair your ability to ever again maintain a straight face while speak to a highway patrolman . 
1	It hat it character . 
3	So fiendishly cunning that even the most jaded cinema audience will leave the auditorium feeling dizzy , confuse , and totally disorientate . 
2	Like the series , the movie be funny , smart , visually inventive , and most of all , alive . 
3	Jacquot have film the opera exactly a the libretto direct , ideally capture the opera 's drama and lyricism . 
0	Philosophically , intellectually and logistically a mess . 
2	The performance be all solid ; it merely lack originality to make it a great movie . 
4	Move over Bond ; this girl deserve a sequel . 
1	Barely manage for but a few second over it seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference . 
1	The metaphor be provocative , but too often , the viewer be leave puzzle by the mechanic of the delivery . 
3	Interesting and thoroughly unfaithful version of Carmen 
4	A terrifically entertaining specimen of Spielbergian sci-fi . 
1	Everything that be right about Blade be wrong in it sequel . 
4	If you ever wonder what it would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone arm with nothing but a camera , this Oscar-nominated documentary take you there . 
4	An animation landmark a monumental a Disney 's 1937 breakthrough Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs . 
1	... the whole thing succeed only in make me groggy . 
2	The nifty trick perpetrate by The Importance of Being Earnest be the alchemical transmogrification of Wilde into Austen -- and a Hollywood-ized Austen at that . 
1	If religious film be n't your bailiwick , stay away . 
2	Almost nothing else -- raunchy and graphic a it may be in presentation -- be one-sided , outwardly sexist or mean-spirited . 
1	Rumor , a muddled drama about come to term with death , feels impersonal , almost generic . 
3	Alan and his fellow survivor be idiosyncratic enough to lift the movie above it playwriting 101 premise . 
3	It 's a satisfying summer blockbuster and worth a look . 
3	K-19 : The Widowmaker be derivative , overlong , and bombastic -- yet surprisingly entertaining . 
1	The story really have no place to go since Simone be not real -- she ca n't provide any conflict . 
1	There be something in Full Frontal , I guess , about artifice and act and how it distort reality for people who make movie and watch them , but like most movie riddle , it work only if you have an interest in the character you see . 
1	An unsuccessful attempt at a movie of idea . 
2	Many shallow movie these day seem too long , but this one be egregiously short . 
1	Did no one on the set have a sense of humor , or do they not have the nerve to speak up ? 
1	A not-so-Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood with a hefty help of Re-Fried Green Tomatoes . 
4	A fresh-faced , big-hearted and frequently funny thrill ride for the kiddy , with enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parent away from the concession stand . ' 
1	But the feeling evoke in the film be lukewarm and quick to pass . 
2	` The film be stark , straightforward and deadly ... an unnatural calm that 's occasionally shake by ... blast of rage , and later , violent jealousy . ' 
3	What -LRB- Frei -RRB- give u ... be a man who use the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shot that fill gallery show . 
0	The entire movie be in need of a scented bath . 
3	This new movie version of the Alexandre Dumas classic be the stuff of high romance , bring off with considerable wit . 
3	Stands a a document of what it felt like to be a New Yorker -- or , really , to be a human be -- in the week after 9\/11 . 
1	Almost as offensive a `` Freddy Got Fingered . '' 
1	The plot grow thin soon , and you find yourself pray for a quick resolution . 
4	A funny and touching film that be gorgeously act by a British cast to rival Gosford Park 's . 
0	There 's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment and believe it or not , Jason actually take a backseat in his own film to special effect . 
1	Elegantly craft but emotionally cold , a puzzle whose intricate construction one can admire but be difficult to connect with on any deep level . 
0	It be that rare combination of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness . 
1	Off the Hook be overlong and not well-acted , but credit writer-producer-director Adam Watstein with finish it at all . 
1	An occasionally interesting but mostly repetitive look at a slice of counterculture that might be best forget . 
0	You have no affinity for most of the character . 
1	A perfect example of rancid , well-intentioned , but shamelessly manipulative movie making . 
3	... a quietly introspective portrait of the self-esteem of employment and the shame of lose a job ... 
2	Handsome and sincere but slightly awkward in it combination of entertainment and evangelical boosterism . 
3	The storytelling may be ordinary , but the cast be one of those all-star reunion that fan of Gosford Park have come to assume be just another day of Brit cinema . 
2	Barely . 
0	... a complete shamble of a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant that I ca n't believe any viewer , young or old , would have a good time here . 
1	Devotees of Star Trek II : The Wrath of Khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu , and the grandeur of the best Next Generation episode be lack . 
1	Too campy to work as straight drama and too violent and sordid to function a comedy , Vulgar be , truly and thankfully , a one-of-a-kind work . 
1	Gets bogged down by an overly sillified plot and stop-and-start pacing . 
1	Theological matter aside , the movie be so clumsily sentimental and ineptly direct it may leave you speak in tongue . 
1	Comes off more like a misdemeanor , a flat , unconvincing drama that never catch fire . 
3	Offers laugh and insight into one of the tough age a kid can go through . 
2	At it best -LRB- and it do have some very funny sequence -RRB- Looking for Leonard remind you just how comically subversive silence can be . 
2	The picture do n't know it 's a comedy . 
2	The Armenian genocide deserve a more engaged and honest treatment . 
1	One scene after another in this supposedly funny movie fall to the floor with a sicken thud . 
2	I have two word to say about Reign of Fire . 
1	Why do they deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery ? 
4	A first-class road movie that prove you can run away from home , but your ego and all your problem go with you . 
4	The story itself it mostly tell through on-camera interview with several survivor , whose rivet memory be render with such clarity that it 's a if it all happen only yesterday . 
0	It end up be neither , and fail at both endeavor . 
4	A coming-of-age movie that Hollywood would n't have the gut to make . 
2	Tennessee Williams by way of Oprah 's Book Club . 
2	A brain twister , less a movie-movie than a funny and weird meditation on Hollywood , success , artistic integrity and intellectual bankruptcy . 
2	Wraps itself in the guise of a dark and quirky comedy , but it be n't as quirky a it think it be and it comedy be generally mean-spirited . 
4	One of the most exciting action film to come out of China in recent year . 
2	A well-acted movie that simply do n't gel . 
0	A real snooze . 
0	One of those film that start with a great premise and then just fell apart . 
3	The success of Undercover Brother be find in it ability to spoof both black and white stereotype equally . 
3	If the plot seem a bit on the skinny side , that 's because Panic Room be interested in nothing more than suck you in ... and make you sweat . 
0	This be the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at it cluelessness , at it idiocy , at it utterly misplace earnestness . 
4	The film boast dry humor and jarring shock , plus moment of breathtaking mystery . 
1	El Crimen Del Padre Amaro would likely be most effective if use a a tool to rally anti-Catholic protestors . 
2	... salaciously simplistic . 
4	A fanciful drama about Napoleon 's last year and his surprising discovery of love and humility . 
4	Excellent performance from Jacqueline Bisset and Martha Plimpton grace this deeply touch melodrama . 
1	The film 's thoroughly recycle plot and tiresome joke ... drag the movie down . 
0	Below be well below expectation . 
1	an essentially awkward version of the lightweight female empowerment picture we 've be watch for decade 
3	About Schmidt belongs to Nicholson . 
3	And it mark him a one of the most interesting writer\/directors work today . 
0	I approach the usher and say that if she have to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise . 
3	At it best , which occur often , Michael Moore 's Bowling for Columbine rekindle the muckraking , soul-searching spirit of the ` Are we a sick society ? ' 
3	The casting of von Sydow ... be itself Intacto 's lucky stroke . 
3	a cruelly funny twist on teen comedy pack with inventive cinematic trick and an ironically killer soundtrack 
3	-LRB- Caine -RRB- prove once again he have n't lose his touch , bring off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film . 
3	A crisp psychological drama -LRB- and -RRB- a fascinating little thriller that would have be perfect for an old `` Twilight Zone '' episode . 
1	Too often , Son of the Bride become an exercise in try to predict when a preordain `` big moment '' will occur and not `` if . '' 
1	It 's hard to care about a film that propose a epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who be force to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress . 
2	I admit it , I hate to like it . 
1	It 's so crammed with scene and vista and pretty moment that it 's leave a few crucial thing out , like character development and coherence . 
2	Ozpetek join the rank of those gay filmmaker who have use the emigre experience to explore same-sex culture in way that elude the more nationally settle . 
3	Its director 's most substantial feature for some time . 
0	To good understand why this do n't connect with me would require another viewing , and I wo n't be sit through this one again ... that in itself be commentary enough . 
4	Vibrantly color and beautifully design , Metropolis be a feast for the eye . 
1	Deuces Wild be an encyclopedia of cliche that shoplift shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movie like The Wanderers and A Bronx Tale without crib any of their intelligence . 
2	If there ai n't none , you have a problem . 
2	Chomp chomp ! 
1	Louiso let the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode , and brother Hoffman 's script stumble over a late-inning twist that just do n't make sense . 
2	If you do n't flee , you might be seduce . 
0	Oedekerk mug mercilessly , and the genuinely funny joke be few and far between . 
1	Forget the Psychology 101 study of romantic obsession and just watch the procession of costume in castle and this wo n't seem like such a bore . 
3	Allen show he can outgag any of those young whippersnapper make move picture today . 
4	The pleasure of Read My Lips be like see a series of perfect black pearl click together to form a string . 
1	Although Disney follow it standard formula in this animated adventure , it feel more forced than usual . 
0	The Irwins ' scene be fascinate ; the movie a a whole be cheap junk and an insult to their death-defying effort . 
2	Few of the increasingly far-fetched event that first-time writer-director Neil Burger follow up with be terribly convince , which be a pity , consider Barry 's terrific performance . 
3	As it turn out , you can go home again . 
2	How I Killed My Father be one of those art house film that make you feel like you 're watch an iceberg melt -- only it never melt . 
2	She 's not yet an actress , not quite a singer ... 
1	Complex , sinuously plot and , somehow , off-puttingly cold . 
2	While certain cue , like the happy music , suggest that this movie be suppose to warm our heart , Jeong-Hyang Lee 's film be just as likely to blacken that organ with cold vengefulness . 
0	Fails in make this character understandable , in get under her skin , in explore motivation ... Well before the end , the film grow as dull a it character , about whose fate it be hard to care . 
3	It have plenty of laugh . 
1	Narc be all menace and atmosphere . 
1	No laugh . 
3	Paul Bettany be cool . 
2	The story be so light and sugary that be it a Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade balloon , extra heavy-duty rope would be need to keep it from float away . 
2	Personal Velocity have a no-frills docu-Dogma plainness , yet Miller lingers on invisible , nearly psychic nuance , leap into digression of memory and desire . 
2	Merry friggin ' Christmas ! 
2	The screenplay come across , rather unintentionally , a Hip-Hop Scooby-Doo . 
1	Judd 's character ought to pick up the durable best seller Smart Women , Foolish Choices for advice . 
3	The Saigon of 1952 be an uneasy mix of sensual delight and simmer violence , and The Quiet American brings u right into the center of that world . 
2	` Lovely and Amazing , ' unhappily , be neither ... excessively strain and contrive . 
2	, Skins have it heart in the right place 
1	The script be too mainstream and the psychology too textbook to intrigue . 
2	Jarecki and Gibney do find enough material to bring Kissinger 's record into question and explain how the diplomat 's tweaked version of statecraft may have cost thousand and possibly million of life . 
3	A quirky comedy set in Newfoundland that cleverly capture the dry wit that 's so prevalent on The Rock . 
3	What bubble up out of John C. Walsh 's Pipe Dream be the distinct and very welcome sense of watch intelligent people make a movie they might actually want to watch . 
2	You do n't want to call the cop . 
2	A canny , derivative , wildly gruesome portrait of a London sociopath who 's the scariest of sadist . 
4	A genuinely moving and wisely unsentimental drama . 
2	You 'd think by now America would have have enough of plucky British eccentric with heart of gold . 
2	After Collateral Damage 
1	The truth about Charlie be that it 's a brazenly misguided project . 
3	Some of the most inventive silliness you be likely to witness in a movie theatre for some time . 
1	It 's Tommy 's job to clean the peep booth surround her , and after view this one , you 'll feel like mop up , too . 
4	The story ultimately take hold and grip hard . 
4	Despite the predictable parent vs. child coming-of-age theme , first-class , natural acting and a look at `` the real Americans '' make this a charmer . 
0	Another wholly unnecessary addition to the grow , molder pile of , well , extreme stunt picture . 
3	Bound to appeal to woman look for a howlingly trashy time . 
4	Boisterous , heartfelt comedy . 
1	The redeeming feature of Chan 's film have always be the action , but the stunt in The Tuxedo seem tire and , what 's bad , routine . 
2	It play like a big-budget , after-school special with a generous cast , who at time lift the material from it well-meaning clunkiness . 
2	The vista be sweep and the acting be far from painful . 
0	A gratingly unfunny groaner litter with zero-dimensional , unlikable character and hackneyed , threadbare comic setup . 
0	It 's hard to imagine another director ever make his wife look so bad in a major movie . 
2	Nair do n't use -LRB- Monsoon Wedding -RRB- to lament the loss of culture . 
4	Much of it come from the brave , uninhibited performance by it lead actor . 
1	But even then , I 'd recommend wait for DVD and just skip straight to her scene . 
3	There be some movie that hit you from the first scene and you know it 's go to be a trip . 
3	He 's the scary guy you 'll see all summer . 
2	A movie that fall victim to frazzle wackiness and frayed satire . 
3	This be the kind of subject matter that could so easily have be fumble by a less filmmaker , but Ayres make the right choice at every turn . 
3	This be Christmas Future for a lot of baby boomer . 
1	... most viewer will wish there have be more of the `` Queen '' and less of the `` Damned . '' 
1	Not once do it come close to be excite . 
1	If you go into the theater expect a scary , action-packed chiller , you might soon be look for a sign . 
0	Should have go straight to video . 
4	classic cinema serve up with heart and humor 
1	What 's miss be what we call the ` wow ' factor . 
2	Perhaps the most annoying thing about Who Is Cletis Tout ? 
0	Not at all clear what it 's try to say and even if it be -- I doubt it would be all that interesting . 
1	Lacks dramatic punch and depth . 
1	Instead of building to a laugh riot we be leave with a handful of disparate funny moment of no real consequence . 
3	The story that emerge have element of romance , tragedy and even silent-movie comedy . 
2	Quitting delivers a sucker-punch , and it impact be all the great beause director Zhang 's last film , the cuddly Shower , be a non-threatening multi-character piece center around a public bath house . 
4	A movie I love on first sight and , even more important , love in remembrance . 
4	Kids five and up will be delight with the fast , funny , and even touch story . 
0	What an embarrassment . 
3	Byler be too savvy a filmmaker to let this morph into a typical romantic triangle . 
3	What `` Empire '' lack in depth it make up for with it heart . 
4	Sensitive ensemble performance and good period reconstruction add up to a move tragedy with some buoyant human moment . 
0	As a remake , it 's a pale imitation . 
3	Fessenden have nurture his metaphor at the expense of his narrative , but he do display an original talent . 
1	Frida be n't that much different from many a Hollywood romance . 
3	As action-adventure , this space-based homage to Robert Louis Stevenson 's Treasure Island fire on all plasma conduit . 
3	Coppola 's directorial debut be an incredibly layer and stylistic film that , despite a fairly slow pace , almost humdrum approach to character development , still manage at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema . 
4	Both a grand tour through 300 hundred year of Russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement . 
2	Unintelligible , poorly act , brain-slappingly bad , Harvard Man be ludicrous enough that it could become a cult classic . 
0	The animation and game phenomenon that peak about three year ago be actually die a slow death , if the poor quality of Pokemon 4 Ever be any indication . 
1	It be just too bad the film 's story do not live up to it style . 
1	Sex ironically have little to do with the story , which become something about how lame it be to try and evade your responsibility and that you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler . 
1	The movie be without intent . 
2	Does anyone much think the central story of Brendan Behan be that he be a bisexual sweetheart before he take to drink ? 
1	Director David Fincher and writer David Koepp ca n't sustain it . 
3	Even though we know the outcome , the seesawing of the general 's fate in the argument of compete lawyer have the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , while the testimony of witness lend the film a resonant undertone of tragedy . 
3	And they succeed merrily at their noble endeavor . 
4	An immensely entertaining look at some of the unsung hero of 20th century pop music . 
1	Too predictably , in fact . 
2	Gangs , despite the gravity of it subject matter , be often as fun to watch a a good spaghetti western . 
2	It 's 51 time good than this . 
3	But it 's surprisingly harmless . 
2	You might be shock to discover that Seinfeld 's real life be boring . 
4	One of the most splendid entertainment to emerge from the French film industry in year . 
4	As the movie trace Mr. Brown 's athletic exploit , it be impossible not to be awe by the power and grace of one of the great natural sportsman of modern time . 
1	Once again , director Chris Columbus take a hat-in-hand approach to Rowling that stifle creativity and allow the film to drag on for nearly three hour . 
1	In the end , the film feel homogenize and a bit contrived , a if we 're look back at a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glass . 
0	Apparently , romantic comedy with a fresh point of view just do n't figure in the present Hollywood program . 
0	It 's hard to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that make as much of a mess a this one . 
3	A solid cast , assure direction and complete lack of modern day irony . 
4	... the kind of entertainment that parent love to have their kid see . 
1	Charly come off a emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable past Love Story derision . 
1	The Pool drown me in boredom . 
0	Despite the fact that this film be n't as bad a I think it be go to be , it 's still not a good movie 
4	Spy Kids 2 also happen to be that rarity among sequel : It actually improve upon the original hit movie . 
2	The people in ABC Africa be treat a docile , mostly wordless ethnographic extra . 
4	Maggie G. make an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role and eat up the screen . 
4	Very well-written and very well-acted . 
4	This fascinating look at Israel in ferment feel as immediate a the late news footage from Gaza and , because of it heighten , well-shaped drama , twice a powerful . 
3	For more than two decade Mr. Nachtwey have travel to place in the world devastate by war , famine and poverty and document the cruelty and suffering he have find with an devastating , eloquent clarity . 
3	Nice piece of work . 
4	Turturro be fabulously funny and over the top a a ` very sneaky ' butler who excel in the art of impossible disappearing\/reappearing act 
3	A confluence of kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit and symbolic graphic design . 
3	Below may not mark Mr. Twohy 's emergence into the mainstream , but his promise remain undiminished . 
4	As satisfyingly odd and intrigue a tale a it be a century and a half ago ... have a delightfully dour , deadpan tone and stylistic consistency . 
1	Jacobi , the most fluent of actor , be give relatively dry material from Nijinsky 's writing to perform , and the visuals , even erotically frank one , become dullingly repetitive . 
3	I have always appreciate a smartly write motion picture , and , whatever flaw Igby Goes Down may possess , it be undeniably that . 
2	`` Juwanna Mann ? '' 
3	Who know , but it work under the direction of Kevin Reynolds . 
0	A yawn-provoking little farm melodrama . 
0	The script 's judgment and sense of weight be way , way off . 
4	The solid filmmaking and convincing character make this a high water mark for this genre . 
2	Shamelessly resort to pee-related sight gag that might even cause Tom Green a grimace ; still , Myer 's energy and the silliness of it all eventually prevail 
3	Murderous Maids have a lot go for it , not least the brilliant performance by Testud ... and Parmentier . 
2	The result , if not memorable , be at least interesting . 
2	... generically , forgettably pleasant from start to finish . 
1	Well make but uninvolving , Bloodwork be n't a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery . 
0	Franco be an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler , but he do not give the transcendent performance SONNY need to overcome gap in character development and story logic . 
2	Suffice to say that after see this movie in IMAX form , you 'll be more acquainted with the tiny detail of Tom Hanks ' face than his wife be . 
2	It just do n't have much else ... especially in a moral sense . 
3	A hallmark film in an increasingly important film industry and worth the look . 
3	Has enough wit , energy and geniality to please not only the fanatical adherent on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and think they 're not interested . 
3	What one be leave with , even after the most awful act be commit , be an overwhelming sadness that feel a if it have make it way into your very bloodstream . 
0	-LRB- Lee -RRB- treat his audience the same way that Jim Brown treat his woman -- a dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subject . 
3	... there be enough originality in ` Life ' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedy that so often end up on cinema screen . 
2	A feature-length , R-rated , road-trip version of Mama 's Family . 
0	The disjointed mess flow as naturally a Jolie 's hideous yellow ` do . 
3	Though Jackson do n't always succeed in integrate the character in the foreground into the extraordinarily rich landscape , it must be say that he be an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the tree . 
4	A terrific B movie -- in fact , the best in recent memory . 
3	This be a film that manage to find greatness in the hue of it drastic iconography . 
4	The slam-bang superheroics be kinetic enough to engross even the most antsy youngster . 
3	I firmly believe that a good video game movie be go to show up soon . 
3	Can you bear the laughter ? 
0	One of the bad film of 2002 . 
1	Needed a little less bling-bling and a lot more romance . 
1	Not even Solondz 's thirst for controversy , sketchy character and immature provocation can fully succeed at cheapen it . 
1	Like a three-ring circus , there be side story aplenty -- none of them memorable . 
3	Another entertain romp from Robert Rodriguez . 
3	A family film that contain some hefty thematic material on time , death , eternity , and what be need to live a rich and full life . 
4	It 's a masterpiece . 
0	I be try to decide what annoyed me most about God be Great ... I 'm Not , and then I realize that I just do n't care . 
2	Watching Spirited Away be like watch an Eastern imagination explode . 
1	The entire point of a shaggy dog story , of course , be that it go nowhere , and this be classic nowheresville in every sense . 
3	-LRB- A -RRB- smarter and much funny version of the old Police Academy flick . 
2	It tell it story in a flat manner and leave you with the impression that you should have get more out of it than you do . 
1	As with so many merchandised-to-the-max movie of this type , more time appear to have go into recruit the right band for the playlist and the costuming of the star than into the script , which have a handful of smart joke and not much else . 
3	Foster breathes life into a roll that could have otherwise be bland and run of the mill . 
2	Just how these family interact may surprise you . 
3	A B-movie you can sit through , enjoy on a certain level and then forget . 
1	Trouble Every Day be a success in some sense , but it 's hard to like a film so cold and dead . 
2	Schneider 's mugging be relentless and his constant need to suddenly transpose himself into another character undermine the story 's continuity and progression . 
3	They be what make it worth the trip to the theatre . 
3	Well , it probably wo n't have you swing from the tree hoot it 's praise , but it 's definitely worth take a look . 
3	A gentle and engross character study . 
2	Denver should not get the first and last look at one of the most triumphant performance of Vanessa Redgrave 's career . 
1	` Butterfingered ' be the word for the big-fisted direction of Jez Butterworth , who manage to blast even the small sensitivity from the romance with his clamorous approach . 
3	Caruso sometimes descend into sub-Tarantino cuteness ... but for the most part he make sure The Salton Sea work the way a good noir should , keep it tight and nasty . 
2	Just watch Bettany strut his stuff . 
3	Despite it fault , Gangs excels in spectacle and pacing . 
2	The most remarkable -LRB- and frustrate -RRB- thing about World Traveler , which open today in Manhattan , be that it protagonist , after be an object of intense scrutiny for 104 minute , remain a complete blank . 
4	Mr. Koshashvili be a director to watch . 
3	Using an endear cast , writer\/director Dover Kosashvili take a slightly dark look at relationship , both sexual and kindred . 
2	Cube 's charisma and chemistry compensate for corniness and cliche . 
2	It 's an unusual , thoughtful bio-drama with a rich subject and some fantastic moment and scene . 
3	A living testament to the power of the eccentric and the strange . 
4	It 's technically sumptuous but also almost wildly alive . 
4	It 's a compelling and horrify story , and The Laramie Project be worthwhile for remind u that this sort of thing do , in fact , still happen in America . 
2	The film favor the scientific over the spectacular -LRB- visually speak -RRB- . 
3	It be life affirm and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor , funny and sad . 
2	The film be explosive , but a few of those stick be wet . 
0	Jackass be a vulgar and cheap-looking version of Candid Camera stag for the Marquis de Sade set . 
3	It rapidly develop into a gut-wrenching examination of the way cultural difference and emotional expectation collide . 
1	Attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity be so old-fashioned and , dare I say , outdated , it 's a wonder that he could n't have bring something fresher to the proceeding simply by accident . 
4	Most haunting about `` Fence '' be it conclusion , when we hear the ultimate fate of these girl and realize , much to our dismay , that this really do happen . 
3	Then you 'd do well to check this one out because it 's straight up Twin Peaks action ... 
2	In the real world 
3	an original and highly cerebral examination of the psychopathic mind 
1	There be no solace here , no entertainment value , merely a fierce lesson in where filmmaking can take u . 
2	So earnest and well-meaning , and so stocked with talent , that you almost forget the sheer , ponderous awfulness of it script . 
2	My Wife 's plotting be nothing special ; it 's the delivery that matter here . 
3	Likely to have decade of life a a classic movie franchise ? 
3	Although shot with little style , Skins be heartfelt and achingly real . 
3	Few film have capture the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury , and audience member will leave feeling as shake a Nesbitt 's Cooper look when the bullet stop fly . 
3	Those with a modicum of patience will find in these character ' foible a timeless and unique perspective . 
3	An unflinching , complex portrait of a modern Israel that be rarely see on-screen . 
3	Efteriades give the neighborhood -- scenery , vibe and all -- the cinematic equivalent of a big , tender hug . 
1	Though it pretend to expose the life of male hustler , it 's exploitive without be insightful . 
2	Egoyan 's work often elegantly consider various level of reality and use shift point of view , but here he have construct a film so labyrinthine that it defeat his large purpose . 
4	Serious and thoughtful . 
0	Kung Pow seem like some futile concoction that be develop hastily after Oedekerk and his fellow moviemakers get through crash a college keg party . 
0	This thing work on no level whatsoever for me . 
3	Shiri be an action film that deliver on the promise of excitement , but it also have a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneak up on the audience . 
3	A properly spooky film about the power of spirit to influence u whether we believe in them or not . 
4	Not only a coming-of-age story and cautionary parable , but also a perfectly rendered period piece . 
3	Birthday Girl do n't try to surprise u with plot twist , but rather seem to enjoy it own transparency . 
2	A behind the scene look at the training and dedication that go into become a world-class fencer and the champion that 's make a difference to NYC inner-city youth . 
2	That 's not vintage Spielberg and that , finally , be minimally satisfying . 
0	Every now and again , a movie come along to remind u of how very bad a motion picture can truly be . 
4	Raimi and his team could n't have do any good in bring the story of Spider-Man to the big screen . 
0	I still want my money back . 
1	It 's unfortunate that Wallace , who write Gibson 's Braveheart as well a the recent Pearl Harbor , have such an irrepressible passion for sappy situation and dialogue . 
1	This mistaken-identity picture be so film-culture referential that the final product be a ghost . 
3	A forceful drama of an alienated executive who re-invents himself . 
1	It 's kind of sad that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey . 
2	Charlize CHASES Kevin with a GUN . 
3	The Woodman seem to have directly influence this girl-meets-girl love story , but even more reassuring be how it maker actually seem to understand what make Allen 's romantic comedy so pertinent and endure . 
1	Cuba Gooding Jr. valiantly mug his way through Snow Dogs , but even his boisterous energy fails to spark this leaden comedy . 
1	Earnest yet curiously tepid and choppy recycling in which predictability be the only winner . 
2	The film make strong argument regard the social status of America 's indigenous people , but really only exist to try to eke out an emotional tug of the heart , one which it fail to get . 
0	Spreads itself too thin , leave these actor , as well a the member of the commune , short of profound characterization 
3	A completely spooky piece of business that get under your skin and , some plot blip aside , stay there for the duration . 
0	` Martin Lawrence Live ' be so self-pitying , I almost expect there to be a collection take for the comedian at the end of the show . 
3	An entertaining , if somewhat standardized , action movie . 
1	It have no affect on the Kurds , but it wear me down . 
3	Ken Russell would love this . 
0	Thumbs down . 
2	Bang ! 
0	The movie suffers from two fatal ailment -- a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected . 
2	This may be Dover Kosashvili 's feature directing debut , but it look an awful lot like life -- gritty , awkward and ironic . 
4	The Trials of Henry Kissinger be a remarkable piece of filmmaking ... because you get it . 
3	Deserves a place of honor next to Nanook a a landmark in film history . 
4	Like the best of Godard 's movie ... it be visually ravish , penetrate , impenetrable . 
1	The film 's most improbable feat ? 
4	Puts to rest any thought that the German film industry can not make a delightful comedy center on food . 
1	Comes off like a bad imitation of the Bard . 
3	A great cast and a wonderful but sometimes confusing flashback movie about grow up in a dysfunctional family . 
0	Stealing Harvard will dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minute of your time , and offer you precisely this in recompense : A few early laugh scatter around a plot as thin a it be repetitious . 
2	Neither a rousing success nor a blinding embarrassment . 
4	A heroic tale of persistence that be sure to win viewer ' heart . 
2	Not the best Herzog perhaps , but unmistakably Herzog . 
1	All mood and no movie . 
3	An infinitely witty version of the Home Alone formula . 
3	The film 's appeal have a lot to do with the casting of Juliette Binoche a Sand , who bring to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth . 
2	The result be more depressing than liberate , but it 's never boring . 
3	Though it lack the utter authority of a genre gem , there 's a certain robustness to this engage mix of love and bloodletting . 
0	A movie so bad that it quickly enter the pantheon of wreckage that include Battlefield Earth and Showgirls . 
0	The script fall back on too many tried-and-true shenanigan that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy . 
4	Ms. Seigner and Mr. Serrault bring fresh , unforced naturalism to their character . 
4	Admirers of director Abel Ferrara may be relieve that his late feature , R Xmas , mark a modest if encouraging return to form . 
4	Witty , contemplative , and sublimely beautiful . 
3	Passions , obsession , and lonely dark spot be push to their most virtuous limit , lend the narrative an unusually surreal tone . 
4	A chance to see three splendid actor turn a larky chase movie into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need to be somebody , and to belong to somebody . 
4	... one of the more influential work of the ` Korean New Wave ' . 
2	The best drug addition movie be usually depress but reward . 
3	Undoubtedly the scary movie ever make about tattoo . 
2	The good thing -- the only good thing -- about Extreme Ops be that it 's so inane that it give me plenty of time to ponder my Thanksgiving to-do list . 
2	To show these character in the act and give them no feeling of remorse -- and to cut repeatedly to the flashback of the original rape -- be overkill to the high degree . 
3	George Clooney , in his first directorial effort , present this utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story a one of the most creative , energetic and original comedy to hit the screen in year . 
0	Alas , get there be not even half the interest . 
2	This be n't a retooled genre piece , the tale of a guy and his gun , but an amiably idiosyncratic work . 
3	It 's sweet . 
1	Do we really need another film that praise female self-sacrifice ? 
4	Be prepare to cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense . 
3	It may be a somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film make the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience member after a while , but it also happen to be the movie 's most admirable quality 
1	... may work a an addictive guilty pleasure but the material never overcome it questionable satirical ambivalence . 
2	If Deuces Wild have be tweak up a notch it would have become a camp adventure , one of those movie that 's so bad it start to become good . 
3	An engross Iranian film about two itinerant teacher and some lose and desolate people they encounter in a place where war have savage the life and liberty of the poor and the dispossess . 
1	Throughout all the tumult , a question come to mind : So why be this so boring ? 
2	It must be in the gene . 
2	His scene be short and often unexpected . 
3	As animation increasingly emphasize the computer and the cool , this be a film that take a stand in favor of tradition and warmth . 
3	The story be smart and entirely charm in intent and execution . 
3	That rare film whose real-life basis be , in fact , so interesting that no embellishment be need . 
4	A powerful and tell story that examine forbidden love , racial tension , and other issue that be a valid today a they be in the 1950s . 
4	be both superb , while Huppert ... be magnificent . 
1	If Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood suffers from a ploddingly melodramatic structure , it come to life in the performance . 
1	Devolves into the derivative , lean on badly-rendered CGI effect . 
4	In a summer overrun with movie dominate by CGI alien and super hero , it revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrate on people , a project in which the script and character hold sway . 
3	The unexpected thing be that it dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , be quite beautiful . 
0	Bad movie . 
1	It 's a movie that end with Truckzilla , for cryin ' out loud . 
1	Episode II -- Attack of the Clones be a technological exercise that lack juice and delight . 
2	It 's be 20 year since 48 Hrs . 
2	It 's all entertaining enough , but do n't look for any hefty anti-establishment message in what be essentially a whip-crack of a buddy movie that end with a whimper . 
3	A bright , inventive , thoroughly win flight of revisionist fancy . 
3	If there 's no art here , it 's still a good yarn -- which be nothing to sneeze at these day . 
2	A close-to-solid espionage thriller with the misfortune of be release a few decade too late . 
2	It 's harmless , divert fluff . 
4	It 's a hoot watch The Rock chomp on jumbo ant , pull an arrow out of his back , and leap unscathed through rag fire ! 
4	Scherfig , the writer-director , have make a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually make the heart soar . 
2	Cinematic pratfall give a working over . 
3	Talk to Her be so darned assured , we have absolutely no idea who the main character be until the film be well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching . 
4	A miraculous movie , I 'm Going Home be so slight , yet overflow with wisdom and emotion . 
3	Wang Xiaoshuai direct this intricately structured and well-realized drama that present a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroil two young men . 
1	Nohe have make a decent ` intro ' documentary , but he feel like a spectator and not a participant . 
3	Most thriller send audience out talk about specific scary scene or startle moment ; `` Frailty '' leave u with the terrify message that the real horror may be wait for u at home . 
3	The pain , loneliness and insecurity of the screenwriting process be vividly and painfully bring to slovenly life in this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature write by Charlie Kaufman and his twin brother , Donald , and direct by Spike Jonze . 
1	Imagine Susan Sontag fall in love with Howard Stern . 
4	Sexy and romantic . 
1	A feeble Tootsie knockoff . 
0	It 's suppose to be post-feminist breezy but end up as tedious a the chatter of parrot raise on Oprah . 
2	Blade II have a brilliant director and charismatic star , but it suffer from rampant vampire devaluation . 
3	It find it moviegoing pleasure in the tiny event that could make a person who have live her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice . 
1	Releasing a film with the word ` dog ' in it title in January lend itself to easy joke and insult , and Snow Dogs deserve every single one of them . 
1	Here the love scenes all end in someone screaming . 
2	... have it moment , but ultimately , it curmudgeon do n't quite make the cut of be place on any list of favorite . 
4	The riveting performance by the incredibly flexible cast make Love a joy to behold . 
3	There 's undeniable enjoyment to be have from film cram with movie reference , but the fun wear thin -- then out -- when there 's nothing else happen . 
2	Each punch see through prison bar , the fight become not so much a struggle of man vs. man a Brother-Man v . The Man . 
2	Personal Velocity ought to be explore these woman 's inner life , but it never move beyond their surface . 
2	To work , love story require the full emotional involvement and support of a viewer . 
4	Adams , with four scriptwriter , take care with the character , who be so believable that you feel what they feel . 
3	The film get close to the chimp the same way Goodall do , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection . 
1	While this one get off with a good natured warning , future Lizard endeavor will need to adhere more closely to the law of laughter 
1	What ` Blade Runner ' would 've look like a a low-budget series on a UHF channel . 
1	It 's a film with an idea bury somewhere inside it fabric , but never clearly see or felt . 
3	A good film with a solid pedigree both in front of and , more specifically , behind the camera . 
2	While Serving Sara do have a long way to go before it reach the level of crudity in the late Austin Powers extravaganza , there 's nothing here to match that movie 's intermittent moment of inspiration . 
3	Simultaneously heart-breaking and very funny , The Last Kiss be really all about performance . 
1	The story pass time until it 's time for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireball and revenge . 
2	It 's a tour de force , write and direct so quietly that it 's implosion rather than explosion you fear . 
3	brought to life on the big screen . 
1	be an inexpressible and drab wannabe look for that exact niche . 
1	By the time the surprise end be reveal , interest can not be revive . 
4	The film sparkle with the the wisdom and humor of it subject . 
0	... a hokey piece of nonsense that try too hard to be emotional . 
1	And for all the wrong reason besides . 
3	Alas , it 's the man that make the clothes . 
3	As Janice , Eileen Walsh , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth be a little too big for her mouth , infuse the movie with much of it slender , glint charm . 
3	Quiet , adult and just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year ... a true study , a film with a question heart and mind that be n't afraid to admit it do n't have all the answer . 
2	Less cinematically powerful than quietly and deeply move , which be powerful in itself . 
3	What 's most memorable about Circuit be that it 's shoot on digital video , whose tiny camera enable Shafer to navigate space both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb . 
4	Best of all be Garcia , who perfectly portray the desperation of a very insecure man . 
3	Mr. Clooney , Mr. Kaufman and all their collaborator be entitle to take a deep bow for fashion an engross entertainment out of an almost sure-fire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster . 
4	A remarkably insightful look at the backstage angst of the stand-up comic . 
1	Wewannour money back , actually . 
3	The mood , look and tone of the film fit the incredible storyline to a T . 
3	If Ayurveda can help u return to a sane regimen of eating , sleep and stress-reducing contemplation , it be clearly a good thing . 
3	A gangster movie with the capacity to surprise . 
1	Deserving of it critical backlash and more . 
2	Has it share of arrest image . 
1	Starts a a tart little lemon drop of a movie and end up a a bitter pill . 
3	There 's a lot of tooth in Roger Dodger . 
2	How about start with a more original story instead of just slap extreme humor and gross-out gag on top of the same old crap ? 
0	Certain to be distasteful to child and adult alike , Eight Crazy Nights be a total misfire . 
0	Director Jay Russell weigh down his capricious fairy-tale with heavy sentiment and lightweight meaning . 
0	McKay seem embarrass by his own invention and try to rush through the intermediary passage , apparently hop that the audience will not notice the glare triteness of the plot device he have put in service . 
0	One ca n't shake the feeling that Crossroads be nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for Britney 's late album . 
1	The mantra behind the project seem to have be ` it 's just a kid ' flick . ' 
4	Often shock but ultimately worthwhile exploration of motherhood and desperate mother . 
1	Exhibits the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera ... more salacious telenovela than serious drama . 
3	This charming but slight tale have warmth , wit and interesting character compassionately portray . 
0	A shame that Stealing Harvard be too busy get in it own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable . 
1	You 'll feel like you eat a Reeses without the peanut butter ... ' 
2	It 's an often-cute film but either need more substance to fill the time or some judicious editing . 
1	This late installment of the horror film franchise that be apparently as invulnerable a it trademark villain have arrive for an incongruous summer playoff , demonstrate yet again that the era of the intelligent , well-made B movie be long go . 
0	This be not one of the movie you 'd want to watch if you only have a week to live . 
1	It all seem waste like DeNiro 's once promising career and the once grand Long Beach boardwalk . 
4	An Inuit masterpiece that will give you goosebumps a it uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice unfolds . 
1	The movie itself appear to be run on hypertime in reverse a the truly funny bit get further and further apart . 
0	The story be bogus and it character tissue-thin . 
1	Ponderous , plod soap opera disguise a a feature film . 
1	For casual moviegoer who stumble into Rules expect a slice of American Pie hijinks star the kid from Dawson 's Creek , they 'll probably run out screaming . 
0	Should n't have be allow to use the word `` new '' in it title , because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie . 
0	Totally overwrought , deeply bias , and wholly design to make you feel guilty about ignore what the filmmaker clearly believe be The Greatest Musicians of All Time . 
4	This be a stunning film , a one-of-a-kind tour de force . 
4	It 's a wise and powerful tale of race and culture forcefully tell , with superb performance throughout . 
3	It 's an entertaining movie , and the effect , boost to the size of a downtown hotel , will all but take you to outer space . 
3	As they use to say in the 1950s sci-fi movie , Signs be a tribute to Shyamalan 's gift , which be such that we 'll keep watch the sky for his next project . 
1	Instead of a witty expose on the banality and hypocrisy of too much kid-vid , we get an ugly , mean-spirited lash out by an adult who 's apparently be force by his kid to watch too many Barney video . 
1	A technical triumph and an extraordinary bore . 
4	It 's Quaid who anchor the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer . 
3	Making such a tragedy the backdrop to a love story risk trivialize it , though Chouraqui no doubt intend the film to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror . 
1	Instead of contrive a climactic hero 's death for the beloved-major - character-who-shall - remain-nameless , why not invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by have the evil alien ' laser gun actually hit something for once ? 
3	Mel Gibson fight the good fight in Vietnam in director Randall Wallace 's flag-waving war flick with a core of decency . 
4	Barry convince u he 's a dangerous , secretly unhinged guy who could easily have kill a president because it make him feel powerful . 
4	Not only do Spider-Man deliver , but I suspect it might deliver again and again . 
1	Not so much farcical a sour . 
3	It 's Burns ' visuals , character and his punchy dialogue , not his plot , that carry waydowntown . 
1	Kapur 's contradictory feeling about his material result in a movie that work against itself . 
1	The problem , amazingly enough , be the screenplay . 
2	Tom Shadyac have learn a bit more craft since direct Adams , but he still linger over every point until the slow viewer grasp it . 
4	Isabelle Huppert excels a the enigmatic Mika and Anna Mouglalis be a stunning new young talent in one of Chabrol 's most intense psychological mystery . 
3	The production value be of the high and the performance attractive without be memorable . 
4	Nair 's attention to detail creates an impeccable sense of place , while Thurman and Lewis give what can easily be consider career-best performance . 
3	... in no way original , or even all that memorable , but a downtown Saturday matinee brain candy , it do n't disappoint . 
0	Completely awful Iranian drama ... as much fun a a grouchy ayatollah in a cold mosque . 
3	By turn fanciful , grisly and engagingly quixotic . 
0	Neither revelatory nor truly edgy -- merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labor . 
2	There 's not much to Fatale , outside of it stylish surprise ... but that 's OK . 
0	The film have a nearly terminal case of the cutis , and it 's neither a funny nor as charming a it think it be . 
3	The gentle comic treatment of adolescent sturm und drang should please fan of Chris Fuhrman 's posthumously publish cult novel . 
4	Holofcener reject patent solution to dramatize life 's messiness from inside out , in all it strange quirk . 
3	... Rogers 's mouth never stop shut about the war between the sex and how to win the battle . 
3	It grab you in the dark and shake you vigorously for it duration . 
1	This cloying , voices-from-the-other-side story be hell . 
3	And , there 's no way you wo n't be talk about the film once you exit the theater . 
3	Children and adult enamor of all thing Pokemon wo n't be disappoint . 
1	The film 's hero be a bore and his innocence soon become a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence . 
1	Bogdanich be unashamedly pro-Serbian and make little attempt to give voice to the other side . 
4	An extraordinary dramatic experience . 
4	It 's a great performance and a reminder of Dickens ' grandeur . 
1	It look good , but it be essentially empty . 
1	Slap her - she 's not funny ! 
2	Last Dance , whatever it flaw , fulfill one facet of it mission in make me want to find out whether , in this case , that 's true . 
3	The story play out slowly , but the character be intrigue and realistic . 
0	... the film 's consider approach to it subject matter be too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of it characterization make it a failure a straight drama . ' 
1	The laugh be as rare a snake foo yung . 
1	This be n't a movie ; it 's a symptom . 
3	But it will just a likely make you weep , and it will do so in a way that do n't make you feel like a sucker . 
2	Though the opera itself take place mostly indoors , Jacquot seem unsure of how to evoke any sort of naturalism on the set . 
1	One of those film that seem tailor make to air on pay cable to offer some modest amusement when one have nothing else to watch . 
4	Young Hanks and Fisk , who vaguely resemble their celebrity parent , bring fresh good look and an ease in front of the camera to the work . 
1	Eight Legged Freaks ? 
3	Fierce , glare and unforgettable . 
3	Though Lan Yu lack a sense of dramatic urgency , the film make up for it with a please verisimilitude . 
2	Wallace direct with such patronise reverence , it turn the stomach . 
0	No , I hate it . 
1	It 's drab . 
1	The sort of picture in which , whenever one of the character have some serious soul search to do , they go to a picture-perfect beach during sunset . 
3	Psychologically savvy . 
4	Another Best of the Year selection . 
3	As play by Ryan Gosling , Danny be a frighteningly fascinating contradiction . 
1	... well describe a a ghost story go badly awry . 
4	An Asian neo-realist treasure . 
1	An achingly enthral premise , the film be hinder by uneven dialogue and plot lapse . 
2	Disappointingly , the character be too strange and dysfunctional , Tom include , to ever get under the skin , but this be compensate in large part by the off-the-wall dialogue , visual playfulness and the outlandishness of the idea itself . 
4	See Scratch for the history , see Scratch for the music , see Scratch for a lesson in scratching , but , most of all , see it for the passion . 
0	A Rumor of Angels do n't just slip -- it avalanche into force fuzziness . 
1	Not only be it hokey , manipulative and as bland a Wonder Bread dip in milk , but it also do the absolute last thing we need Hollywood do to u : It preach . 
3	However , it 's pleasant enough and it ecological , pro-wildlife sentiment be certainly welcome . 
3	Dogtown & Z-Boys evoke the blithe rebel fantasy with the kind of insouciance embed in the sexy demise of James Dean . 
2	Tony Gayton 's script do n't give u anything we have n't see before , but director D.J . Caruso 's grimy visual veneer and Kilmer 's absorb performance increase the gravitational pull considerably . 
1	The story have it redundancy , and the young actor , not very experienced , be sometimes inexpressive . 
3	Compared to his series of spectacular belly flop both on and off the screen , RunTelDat be something of a triumph . 
1	... Watching it be painful . 
3	While not for every taste , this often very funny collegiate gross-out comedy go a long way toward restore the luster of the National Lampoon film franchise , too long reduce to direct-to-video irrelevancy . 
4	There 's no reason to miss Interview with the Assassin 
3	A knowing look at female friendship , spike with raw urban humor . 
0	I 've never see -LRB- a remake -RRB- do anything as stomach-turning a the way Adam Sandler 's new movie rape , pillage and incinerates Frank Capra 's classic ... 
1	Been there , do that ... a thousand time already , and good . 
2	Each scene wreaks of routine ; the film never manage to generate a single threat of suspense . 
3	Nettelbeck ... have a pleasing way with a metaphor . 
2	Succeeds only because Bullock and Grant be make to share the silver screen . 
2	It 's almost a if it 's an elaborate dare more than a full-blooded film . 
4	Mike White 's deft combination of serious subject matter and dark , funny humor make `` The Good Girl '' a film worth watching . 
3	The film 's unhurried pace be actually one of it strength . 
3	A cutesy romantic tale with a twist . 
1	A bizarre piece of work , with premise and dialogue at the level of kid ' television and plot thread as morose a teen pregnancy , rape and suspect murder 
3	A competent , unpretentious entertainment destine to fill the after-school slot at shop mall theater across the country . 
3	While dutifully pull on heartstrings , director Dean Deblois and Chris Sanders valiantly keep punch up the mix . 
0	Feels at time like a giant commercial for Universal Studios , where much of the action take place . 
4	It 's the brilliant surfing photography bring you right inside the massive wave that lift Blue Crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movie . 
3	The last scene of the film be anguish , bitter and truthful . 
1	The romance between the lead be n't a compelling or as believable a it should be . 
3	A lyrical metaphor for cultural and personal self-discovery and a picaresque view of a little-remembered world . 
0	But the film itself be ultimately quite unengaging . 
1	Fluffy and disposible . 
1	There 's ... an underlying Old World sexism to Monday Morning that undercut it charm . 
3	While the material be slight , the movie be good than you might think . 
4	There 's nothing like love to give a movie a B-12 shot , and CQ shimmer with it . 
1	The corpse count ultimately override what little we learn along the way about vicarious redemption . 
1	At every opportunity to do something clever , the film go right over the edge and kill every sense of believability ... all you have leave be a no-surprise series of explosion and violence while Banderas look like he 's not try to laugh at how bad it 
1	The criticism never rise above easy , cynical potshot at morally bankrupt character ... 
3	Though it 's equally solipsistic in tone , the movie have enough vitality to justify the notion of create a screen adaptation of Evans ' saga of Hollywood excess . 
1	Little more than a stylish exercise in revisionism whose point ... be no doubt true , but serve a a rather thin moral to such a knowing fable . 
4	One regard Reign of Fire with awe . 
4	If anything , the film be do something of a public service -- shed light on a group of extremely talented musician who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fan . 
3	... an adorably whimsical comedy that deserve more than a passing twinkle . 
0	The innate theatrics that provide it thrill and extreme emotion lose their luster when flatten onscreen . 
2	Parents , on the other hand , will be ahead of the plot at all time , and there be n't enough clever innuendo to fil 
1	There 's the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that make me want to scream . 
1	If the predictability of bland comfort food appeal to you , then the film be a pleasant enough dish . 
0	An exercise in cynicism every bit as ugly a the shabby digital photography and muddy sound . 
1	Just another generic drama that have nothing go for it other than it exploitive array of obligatory cheap thrill . 
2	Strictly middle of the road . 
1	The film be undone by anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpse of a modern theater audience watch the event unfold . 
0	This kiddie-oriented stinker be so bad that I even catch the gum stuck under my seat try to sneak out of the theater 
1	The filmmaker keep push the joke at the expense of character until thing fall apart . 
1	Two-bit potboiler . 
0	Gaping plot hole sink this ` sub ' - standard thriller and drag audience enthusiasm to crush depth . 
2	Now he make them . 
2	It 's a bizarre curiosity memorable mainly for the way it fritter away it potentially interesting subject matter via a banal script , unimpressive acting and indifferent direction . 
3	The powder blue and sun-splashed white of Tunis make an alluring backdrop for this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who find an unlikely release in belly-dancing club . 
3	The amazing film work be so convincing that by movie ' end you 'll swear you be wet in some place and feel sand creep in others . 
2	an insular world 
2	A violent initiation rite for the audience , as much a it be for Angelique , the -LRB- opening -RRB- dance guarantee Karmen 's enthronement among the cinema 's memorable woman . 
4	That Jack Nicholson make this man so watchable be a tribute not only to his craft , but to his legend . 
0	What you expect be just what you get ... assume the bar of expectation have n't be raise above sixth-grade height . 
3	For all it brooding quality , Ash Wednesday be suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable , with a sterling ensemble cast . 
0	Hollywood Ending be the most disappointing Woody Allen movie ever . 
3	All in all , a great party . 
1	Only masochistic moviegoer need apply . 
3	Caviezel embody the transformation of his character completely . 
4	Rarely have I see a film so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart . 
0	The entire film be one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another . 
2	Leigh 's daring here be that without once deny the hardscrabble life of people on the economic fringe of Margaret Thatcher 's ruinous legacy , he insist on the importance of those moment when people can connect and express their love for each other . 
1	-LRB- H -RRB- ad I suffer and bleed on the hard ground of Ia Drang , I 'd want something a bit more complex than We Were Soldiers to be remember by . 
3	The filmmaker wisely decide to let Crocodile Hunter Steve Irwin do what he do best , and fashion a story around him . 
2	Despite the pyrotechnic , Narc be strictly by the book . 
3	It 's the cute frisson of discovery and humor between Chaplin and Kidman that keep this nicely wound clock not just tick , but hum . 
4	Simply and eloquently articulate the tangled feeling of particular New Yorkers deeply touch by an unprecedented tragedy . 
1	Collapses under it own meager weight . 
1	The Good Girl be a film in which the talent be undeniable but the result be underwhelming . 
1	Start read your script before sign that dotted line . 
4	A stirring , funny and finally transport re-imagining of Beauty and the Beast and 1930s horror film 
0	Abysmally pathetic 
4	The best animated feature to hit theater since Beauty and the Beast 11 year ago . 
2	A farce of a parody of a comedy of a premise , it be n't a comparison to reality so much a it be a commentary about our knowledge of film . 
3	It 's surprisingly decent , particularly for a tenth installment in a series . 
3	Rubbo 's humorously tendentious intervention into the who-wrote-Shakespeare controversy . 
1	Spain 's great star wattage do n't overcome the tumult of maudlin tragedy . 
2	Real Women Have Curves do n't offer any easy answer . 
1	That neither protagonist have a distinguishable condition hardly matter because both be just actory concoction , define by childlike dimness and a handful of quirk . 
1	Replacing John Carpenter 's stylish track shot be degrade , handheld Blair Witch video-cam footage . 
2	Your response to it new sequel , Analyze That , may hinge on what you think of the first film . 
3	Smarter than it commercial make it seem . 
2	Missteps take what be otherwise a fascinating , rivet story and send it down the path of the mundane . 
1	What 's really sad be to see two Academy Award win actress -LRB- and one Academy Award win actor -RRB- succumb to appear in this junk that 's TV sitcom material at best . 
2	Who be ` they ' ? 
2	At the film 's centre be a precisely layer performance by an actor in his mid-seventies , Michel Piccoli . 
2	Everything be peg into the groove of a New York date comedy with ` issue ' to simplify . 
3	A weird , arrest little ride . 
3	One funny popcorn flick . 
4	But a you watch the movie , you 're too interested to care . 
3	Short-story quaint , touchingly mend a child 's pain for his dead mother via communication with an old woman straight out of Eudora Welty . 
2	It 's difficult to discern if this be a crazy work of disturbed genius or merely 90 minute of post-adolescent Electra rebellion . 
2	An unremarkable , modern action\/comedy buddy movie whose only nod to nostalgia be in the title . 
1	Helmer Hudlin try to make a hip comedy , but his dependence on slapstick defeat the possibility of create a more darkly edge tome . 
4	I be highly amuse by the idea that we have come to a point in society where it have be deem important enough to make a film in which someone have to be hire to portray Richard Dawson . 
3	Earnest , unsubtle and Hollywood-predictable , Green Dragon be still a deeply move effort to put a human face on the travail of thousand of Vietnamese . 
2	An average coming-of-age tale elevate by the wholesome twist of a pesky mother interfere during her son 's discovery of his homosexuality . 
2	Consider this review life-affirming . 
2	The film 's heady yet far from impenetrable theory suggest that Russians take comfort in their closed-off nationalist reality . 
2	Freundlich 's make -LRB- Crudup -RRB- a suburban architect , and a cipher . 
3	There 's something poignant about an artist of 90-plus year take the effort to share his impression of life and loss and time and art with u . 
4	Stay for the credit and see a devastate comic impersonation by Dustin Hoffman that be revelatory . 
3	The sentimental script have problem , but the actor pick up the slack . 
1	Opera on film be never satisfactory . 
1	I be more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display here . 
1	Humor in I Spy be so anemic . 
1	A fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless feature-length afterschool special . 
1	You can tell almost immediately that Welcome to Collinwood be n't go to jell . 
2	Grown-up quibble be beside the point here . 
1	Although purportedly a study in modern alienation , it 's really little more than a particularly slant , gay s\/m fantasy , enervate and deadeningly drawn-out . 
1	A piece of mildly entertaining , inoffensive fluff that drift aimlessly for 90 minute before lodge in the crack of that ever-growing category : unembarrassing but unmemorable . 
2	Its vision of that awkward age when sex threaten to overwhelm everything else be acute enough to make everyone who have be there squirm with recognition . 
4	Remarkable for it intelligence and intensity . 
1	An opportunity miss . 
2	It 's sobering , particularly if anyone still think this conflict can be resolve easily , or soon . 
3	UB equally spoof and celebrate the more outre aspect of ` black culture ' and the dorkier aspect of ` white culture , ' even a it point out how inseparable the two be . 
3	It excel because , unlike so many other Hollywood movie of it ilk , it offer hope . 
4	The most amazing super-sized dosage of goofball stunt any `` Jackass '' fan could want . 
1	This director 's cut -- which add 51 minute -- take a great film and turn it into a mundane soap opera . 
4	Consummate actor Barry have do excellent work here . 
4	Majidi 's direction have never be smooth or more confident . 
3	Trapped present a frightening and compelling ` What if ? ' 
2	None of his actor stand out , but that 's less of a problem here than it would be in another film : Characterization matter less than atmosphere . 
2	You have once again enter the bizarre realm where director Adrian Lyne hold sway , where all relationship be simultaneously broadly metaphorical , oddly abstract , and excruciatingly literal . 
4	E.T . work because it flabbergasting principal , 14-year-old Robert MacNaughton , 6-year-old Drew Barrymore and 10-year-old Henry Thomas , convince u of the existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet . 
3	A film of quiet power . 
4	Changing Lanes be an anomaly for a Hollywood movie ; it 's a well-written and occasionally challenge social drama that actually have something interest to say . 
1	If any of them list this ` credit ' on their resume in the future , that 'll be much funny than anything in the film ... 
4	An enthralling , entertaining feature . 
3	A film neither bitter nor sweet , neither romantic nor comedic , neither warm nor fuzzy . 
1	Painfully pad . 
4	It 's worth take the kid to . 
0	I 'm not sure which half of Dragonfly be bad : The part where nothing 's happen , or the part where something 's happen , but it 's stupid . 
2	This movie have a strong message about never give up on a loved one , but it 's not an easy movie to watch and will probably disturb many who see it . 
0	The character be never more than sketch ... which leave any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach . 
3	Drug abuse , infidelity and death be n't usually comedy fare , but Turpin 's film allow u to chuckle through the angst . 
0	Muddled , melodramatic paranormal romance be an all-time low for Kevin Costner . 
0	The rest of the film ... be dudsville . 
1	Do n't say you be n't warn . 
0	It 's fit that a movie a artificial and soulless a The Country Bears owe it genesis to an animatronic display at Disneyland . 
2	less on force air 
2	Reeboir varies between a sweet smile and an angry bark , while Said attempt to wear down possible pupil through repetition . 
1	Strictly a ` guy 's film ' in the bad sense of the expression . 
3	Reno himself can take credit for most of the movie 's success . 
3	Almost everyone grow up believe their family must look like `` The Addams Family '' to everyone look in ... `` My Big Fat Greek Wedding '' come from the heart ... 
2	An amalgam of The Fugitive , Blade Runner , and Total Recall , only without much energy or tension . 
1	A portrait of alienation so perfect , it will certainly succeed in alienate most viewer . 
2	Dong show how intolerance have the power to deform family , then tear them apart . 
1	Boasting some of the most poorly stag and lit action in memory , Impostor be as close a you can get to an imitation movie . 
0	Nothing about the film -- with the possible exception of Elizabeth Hurley 's breast -- be authentic . 
2	... passable enough for a shoot-out in the o.k . court house of life type of flick . 
4	A highly spirit , imaginative kid 's movie that broach neo-Augustinian theology : Is God stuck in Heaven because He 's afraid of His best-known creation ? 
3	For all the charm of Kevin Kline and a story that put old-fashioned value under the microscope , there 's something creepy about this movie . 
0	McKay show crushingly little curiosity about , or be ill-equipped to examine , the interior life of the character in his film , much less incorporate them into his narrative . 
1	It 's like Rocky and Bullwinkle on Speed , but that 's neither completely enlightening , nor do it catch the intensity of the movie 's strangeness . 
1	I do n't think this movie love woman at all . 
1	If you be willing to do this , then you so crazy ! 
3	A bodice-ripper for intellectual . 
2	The Master of Disguise be funny -- not `` ha ha '' funny , `` dead circus performer '' funny . 
1	Made to be Jaglomized be the Cannes Film Festival , the annual Riviera spree of flesh , buzz , blab and money . 
3	At once a testament to the divine call of education and a demonstration of the painstaking process of impart knowledge . 
1	Plays like one long , meander sketch inspire by the work of John Waters and Todd Solondz , rather than a fully developed story . 
0	An unholy mess , drive by the pathetic idea that if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape , it must be label ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic ' . 
4	wo n't be place in the pantheon of the best of the swashbuckler but it be a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world 's best actor , Daniel Auteuil , have a whale of a good time . 
2	The video work be so grainy and rough , so dependent on be ` naturalistic ' rather than carefully lit and set up , that it 's exhaust to watch . 
1	Cold , pretentious , thoroughly dislikable study in sociopathy . 
3	Puts a refreshing and comical spin on the all-too-familiar saga of the contemporary single woman . 
4	The cast be top-notch and I predict there will be plenty of female audience member drool over Michael Idemoto a Michael . 
2	A romance ? 
2	Might be one of those vanity project in which a renowned filmmaker attempt to show off his talent by surround himself with untalented people . 
1	The big problem I have -LRB- other than the very sluggish pace -RRB- be we never really see her Esther blossom a an actress , even though her talent be suppose to be grow . 
2	Has the mark of a septuagenarian ; it 's a crusty treatment of a clever gimmick . 
2	The problem of the people in Love in the Time of Money be hardly specific to their era . 
4	... fuse the event of her life with the imagery in her painting so vividly that the artist 's work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who see the film . 
2	It 's a good film , but it fall short of it aspiration to be a true ` epic ' . 
4	Quite simply , a joy to watch and -- especially -- to listen to . 
3	As an actor 's showcase , Hart 's War have much to recommend it , even if the top-billed Willis be not the most impressive player . 
2	It 's too bad nothing else be . 
0	The crap continue . 
1	Something have be lose in the translation ... another routine Hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicize the absurdity of the premise . 
1	When the casting call for this movie go out , it must have read ` seek anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame . ' 
1	Though her fan will assuredly have their funny bone tickle , others will find their humor-seeking dollar best spend elsewhere . 
0	The movie be almost completely lack in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction . 
4	Wickedly funny , visually engross , never boring , this movie challenge u to think about the way we consume pop culture . 
1	The Piano Teacher , like it title character , be repellantly out of control . 
2	Director-chef Gabriele Muccino keep it fast -- zippy , comin ' at ya -- a if fear that his film be molto superficiale . 
2	Veers uncomfortably close to pro-Serb propaganda . 
1	It 's make a good travelogue than movie . 
3	Bravo for history rewritten , and for the uncompromising knowledge that the high power of all be the power of love . 
1	It 's also build on a faulty premise , one it follow into melodrama and silliness . 
3	This be the stuff that Disney movie be make of . 
3	For those who like quirky , slightly strange French film , this be a must ! 
3	This be one of the rare kind of film : a family-oriented non-Disney film that be actually funny without hit below the belt . 
0	Horrible . 
4	A strong first act and absolutely , inescapably gorgeous , skyscraper-trapeze motion of the amazing Spider-Man . 
1	Moves in such odd plot direction and descend into such message-mongering moralism that it good quality be obscure . 
3	An energetic , violent movie with a momentum that never let up . 
3	He allow his cast member to make creative contribution to the story and dialogue . 
1	Will undoubtedly play well in European market , where Mr. Besson be a brand name , and in Asia , where Ms. Shu be an institution , but American audience will probably find it familiar and insufficiently cathartic . 
2	Simultaneously heartbreakingly beautiful and exquisitely sad . 
0	The exclamation point seem to be the only bit of glee you 'll find in this dreary mess . 
2	So verbally flatfooted and so emotionally predictable or bland that it play like the standard made-for-TV movie . 
2	Wow , a jump cut ! 
3	It have a way of seep into your consciousness , with lingering question about what the film be really get at . 
2	Apparently writer-director Attal thought he need only cast himself and his movie-star wife sit around in their drawer to justify a film . 
1	A jumbled fantasy comedy that do not figure out a coherent game plan at script , shoot or post-production stage . 
1	Neither as scary-funny a Tremors nor demented-funny a Starship Troopers , the movie be n't tough to take as long a you 've pay a matinee price . 
3	-LRB- Barry -RRB- give Assassin a disquieting authority . 
0	Without Shakespeare 's eloquent language , the update be dreary and sluggish . 
3	It wo n't hold up over the long haul , but in the moment , Finch 's tale provide the forgettable pleasure of a Saturday matinee . 
2	It 's the type of stunt the Academy love : a powerful political message stuff into an otherwise mediocre film . 
3	Much of the movie 's charm lie in the utter cuteness of Stuart and Margolo . 
3	Both Garcia and Jagger turn in perfectly execute and wonderfully sympathetic character , who be alternately touch and funny . 
1	Watching junk like this induce a kind of abstract guilt , a if you be pay due for good book unread , fine music never hear . 
4	The film just might turn on many people to opera , in general , an art form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and a emotionally grand a life . 
4	Payne have create a beautiful canvas , and Nicholson prove once again that he 's the best brush in the business . 
1	I do n't find much fascination in the swinging . 
1	Insomnia lose point when it surrender to a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at the conclusion . 
2	Affleck merely create an outline for a role he still need to grow into , a role that Ford effortlessly fill with authority . 
0	Reign of Fire have the disadvantage of also look cheap . 
2	It 's another retelling of Alexandre Dumas ' classic . 
3	The first shocking thing about Sorority Boys be that it 's actually watchable . 
4	A fantastically vital movie that manage to invest real humor , sensuality , and sympathy into a story about two adolescent boy . 
3	Even though the film do n't manage to hit all of it mark , it 's still entertaining to watch the target practice . 
3	A film that will be best appreciate by those willing to endure it extremely languorous rhythm , Waiting for Happiness be ultimately thoughtful without have much dramatic impact . 
1	This rather unfocused , all-over-the-map movie would be a lot good if it par down it plot and character to a few rather than dozen ... or if it be subtler ... or if it have a sense of humor . 
2	A creaky staircase gothic . 
1	`` White Oleander , '' the movie , be akin to a Reader 's Digest condense version of the source material . 
1	This dreadfully earnest inversion of the Concubine love triangle eschew the previous film 's historical panorama and roil pathos for bug-eyed mugging and gay-niche condescension . 
1	The direction , by George Hickenlooper , have no snap to it , no wiseacre crackle or hard-bitten cynicism . 
3	Beautifully direct and convincingly act . 
1	The movie be a lumber load of hokum but ... it 's at least watchable . 
3	While Cherish do n't completely survive it tonal transformation from dark comedy to suspense thriller , it 's get just enough charm and appeal character quirk to forgive that still serious problem . 
0	It would be churlish to begrudge anyone for receive whatever consolation that can be find in Dragonfly , yet it be impossible to find the film anything but appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrive , and totally lack in conviction . 
1	It 's not the least of Afghan tragedy that this noble warlord would be consign to the dustbin of history . 
1	Hawke 's film , a boring , pretentious waste of nearly two hour , do n't tell you anything except that the Chelsea Hotel today be populate by whiny , pathetic , starve and untalented artiste . 
1	This romantic\/comedy ask the question how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion set in . 
2	A. . . 
3	Jae-eun Jeong 's Take Care of My Cat bring a beguiling freshness to a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of image that it emerge a another key contribution to the flowering of the South Korean cinema . 
0	Depicts the sorriest and most sordid of human behavior on the screen , then laugh at how clever it 's be . 
3	Wow . 
3	Whenever you think you 've figure out Late Marriage , it throw you for a loop . 
3	Anyone who ever fantasize about space travel but ca n't afford the $ 20 million ticket to ride a Russian rocket should catch this IMAX offering . 
1	The only thing I laugh at be the people who pay to see it . 
2	This engrossing , characteristically complex Tom Clancy thriller be shifty in the manner in which it address current terrorism anxiety and sidestep them at the same time . 
3	A suffocate rape-payback horror show that hinge on the subgenre 's most enabling victim ... and an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezer . 
4	With ` Bowling for Columbine , ' Michael Moore give u the perfect start point for a national conversation about gun , violence , and fear . 
2	The script feel a if it start to explore the obvious voyeuristic potential of ` hypertime ' but then back off when the producer saw the gross for Spy Kids . 
2	The name say it all . 
1	Fails to satisfactorily exploit it gender politics , genre thrill or inherent humor . 
2	The pace and the visuals be so hype up that a curious sense of menace informs everything . 
1	I 'm give it thumb down due to the endlessly repetitive scene of embarrassment . 
1	show Holmes have the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , -LRB- but -RRB- the movie itself be an underachiever , a psychological mystery that take it sweet time building to a climax that 's scarcely a surprise by the time it arrive . 
0	Time literally stop on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` Clockstoppers , '' but that do n't mean it still wo n't feel like the long 90 minute of your movie-going life . 
2	Collateral Damage offer formula payback and the Big Payoff , but the explosion tend to simply hit their mark , pyro-correctly . 
3	K-19 : The Widowmaker be a great yarn . 
3	It 's funny , a the old saying go , because it 's true . 
4	A sexy , surprising romance ... Idemoto and Kim make a gorgeous pair ... their scene brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger . 
3	A psychic journey deep into the very fabric of Iranian ... life . 
2	See it now , before the inevitable Hollywood remake flattens out all it odd , intrigue wrinkle . 
1	A distinctly minor effort that will be see to good advantage on cable , especially consider it barely feature-length run time of one hour . 
1	Rosenthal -LRB- Halloween II -RRB- seem to have forget everything he ever know about generate suspense . 
1	The acting be fine but the script be about as interesting a a recording of conversation at the Wal-Mart checkout line . 
4	Fresh and raw like a blown-out vein , Narc take a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and beat new life into it . 
0	Once Ice-T stick his mug in the window of the couple 's BMW and begin harangue the wife in bad stage dialogue , all credibility fly out the window . 
2	There 's no question that Epps score once or twice , but it 's tell that his funny moment come when he fall about ten foot onto his head . 
1	Ear-splitting exercise in formula crash-and-bash action . 
4	A strangely stir experience that find warmth in the coldest environment and make each crumb of emotional comfort feel like a 10-course banquet . 
3	One feel the dimming of a certain ambition , but in it place a sweetness , clarity and emotional openness that recall the classic of early Italian neorealism . 
2	The Grey Zone give voice to a story that need to be hear in the sea of Holocaust movie ... but the film suffers from it own difficulty . 
1	It 's leaden and predictable , and laugh be lack . 
1	Fincher take no apparent joy in make movie , and he give none to the audience . 
2	If you want to see a train wreck that you ca n't look away from , then look no far , because here it be . 
1	Like it title character , Esther Kahn be unusual but unfortunately also irritate . 
2	The message of such reflection -- intentional or not -- be that while no art grow from a vacuum , many artist exist in one . 
4	Viveka Seldahl and Sven Wollter will touch you to the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget . 
1	Solondz be without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision , but that vision be begin to feel , if not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous . 
2	A `` black Austin Powers ? '' 
4	A burst of color , music , and dance that only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at . 
1	Demme get a lot of flavor and spice into his Charade remake , but he ca n't disguise that he 's spiffing up leftover that be n't so substantial or fresh . 
1	Nicolas Cage be n't the first actor to lead a group of talented friend astray , and this movie wo n't create a ruffle in what be already an erratic career . 
0	Stale and 
4	Moving and vibrant . 
3	A penetrating , potent exploration of sanctimony , self-awareness , self-hatred and self-determination . 
2	`` Sum '' be Jack Ryan 's `` do-over . '' 
1	An allegory concern the chronically mixed signal African American professional get about overachieving could be intriguing , but the supernatural trapping only obscure the message . 
4	The Pianist be Polanski 's best film . 
4	A compelling , gut-clutching piece of advocacy cinema that carry you along in a torrent of emotion a it explore the awful complication of one terrify day . 
0	It 's a stale , overuse cocktail use the same olive since 1962 a garnish . 
4	Enormously enjoyable , high-adrenaline documentary . 
3	the past via surrealist flourish 
3	A different movie -- sometimes tedious -- by a director many viewer would like to skip but film buff should get to know . 
1	An absurdist spider web . 
4	Twenty year later , E.T . be still a cinematic touchstone . 
2	If legendary shlockmeister Ed Wood have ever make a movie about a vampire , it probably would look a lot like this alarm production , adapt from Anne Rice 's novel The Vampire Chronicles . 
2	Red Dragon be less baroque and showy than Hannibal , and less emotionally affect than Silence . 
3	It 's affect , amuse , sad and reflective . 
3	By turn grip , amuse , tender and heart-wrenching , Laissez-passer have all the earmark of French cinema at it best . 
1	The dialogue be very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact that it be be dub . 
1	... hokey art house pretension . 
3	Khouri manages , with terrific flair , to keep the extreme of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum . 
2	Then Nadia 's birthday might not have be such a bad day after all . 
4	A film center on a traditional Indian wedding in contemporary New Delhi may not sound like specialized fare , but Mira Nair 's film be an absolute delight for all audience . 
0	It 's a frightful vanity film that , no doubt , pay off what debt Miramax felt they owe to Benigni . 
4	An excellent sequel . 
1	Never come together a a coherent whole . 
1	Its simplicity put an exclamation point on the fact that this be n't something to be take seriously , but it also wreck any chance of the movie rise above similar fare . 
1	prechewed 
3	The first five minute will have you talk 'til the end of the year ! 
0	A loud , ugly , irritate movie without any of it satirical salvo hit a discernible target . 
4	Last Orders nurture the multi-layers of it character , allow u to remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last order be to be embrace . 
0	The Sweetest Thing be expressly for idiot who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullet to simulate sustenance . 
0	Ultimately the , yes , snail-like pacing and lack of thematic resonance make the film more silly than scary , like some sort of Martha Stewart decorate program run amok . 
4	Seems base on ugly idea instead of ugly behavior , a Happiness be ... Hence , Storytelling be far more appealing . 
2	Weird , vulgar comedy that 's definitely an acquire taste . 
2	Director-writer Bille August ... depict this relationship with economical grace , let his superb actor convey Martin 's deterioration and Barbara 's sadness -- and , occasionally , anger . 
3	Unlike most anime , whose most ardent fan outside Japan seem to be introvert young men with fantasy fetish , Metropolis never seem hopelessly juvenile . 
4	... wise and elegiac ... 
3	It certainly wo n't win any award in the plot department but it set out with no pretension and delivers big time . 
0	Very much a home video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appear not to have be edit at all . 
4	The story give ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director Shekhar Kapur supply with tremendous skill . 
4	What make How I Killed My Father compelling , besides it terrific performance , be Fontaine 's willingness to wander into the dark area of parent-child relationship without flinching . 
1	Without -LRB- De Niro -RRB- , City By The Sea would slip under the wave . 
1	It make me realize that we really have n't have a good cheesy B-movie playing in theater since ... well ... since last week 's Reign of Fire . 
4	A movie of rivet power and sadness . 
2	More of an intriguing curiosity than a gripping thriller . 
3	A worthwhile documentary , whether you 're into rap or not , even if it may still leave you want more answer a the credit roll . 
1	... instead go rent `` Shakes The Clown '' , a much funny film with a similar theme and an equally great Robin Williams performance . 
3	While we no longer possess the lack-of-attention span that we do at seventeen , we have no trouble sit for Blade II . 
1	This action-thriller\/dark comedy be one of the most repellent thing to pop up in a cinematic year already litter with celluloid garbage . 
3	Brown Sugar signal director Rick Famuyiwa 's emergence a an articulate , grown-up voice in African-American cinema . 
4	Almodovar be an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what William James once call ` the gift of tear . ' 
1	Such a fine idea for a film , and such a stultifying , lifeless execution . 
2	Avary 's film never quite emerge from the shadow of Ellis ' book . 
1	What should have be a painless time-killer becomes instead a grating endurance test . 
4	It 's endlessly inventive , consistently intelligent and sickeningly savage . 
3	The journey be worth your time , especially if you have Ellen Pompeo sit next to you for the ride . 
1	While the performance be often engaging , this loose collection of largely improvised number would probably have work well a a one-hour TV documentary . 
1	Leaves viewer out in the cold and undermine some phenomenal performance . 
1	A tired , unimaginative and derivative variation of that already-shallow genre . 
3	Yes , MIBII be rote work and predictable , but with a philosophical visual come right at the end that extravagantly redeem it . 
1	A bit too eager to please . 
0	The only thing that distinguish a Randall Wallace film from any other be the fact that there be nothing distinguish in a Randall Wallace film . 
4	10 minute into the film you 'll be white-knuckled and unable to look away . 
4	The determination of Pinochet 's victim to seek justice , and their often heartbreaking testimony , speak directly into director Patricio Guzman 's camera , pack a powerful emotional wallop . 
3	Writer\/director Alexander Payne -LRB- Election -RRB- and his co-writer Jim Taylor brilliantly employ their quirky and fearless ability to look American angst in the eye and end up laugh . 
3	The Movie be clever , offbeat and even gritty enough to overcome my resistance . 
3	The film present visceral and dangerously honest revelation about the men and machine behind the curtain of our planet . 
3	It manage to squeeze by on Angelina Jolie 's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy . 
4	A delicious and delicately funny look at the resident of a Copenhagen neighborhood cop with the befuddling complication life toss at them . 
2	Will no doubt delight Plympton 's legion of fan ; others may find 80 minute of these shenanigan exhaust . 
0	Behind the glitz , Hollywood be sordid and disgusting . 
3	Once folk start hang out at the barbershop , they never want to leave . 
3	-LRB- Has -RRB- an immediacy and an intimacy that suck you in and dare you not to believe it 's all true . 
0	The character be so generic and the plot so bland that even a rogue CIA assassins work for Chris Cooper 's agency bos close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we do n't feel much for Damon\/Bourne or his predicament . 
2	Malone do have a gift for generate nightmarish image that will be hard to burn out of your brain . 
2	Arty gay film . 
3	There 's a part of u that can not help be entertain by the sight of someone get away with something . 
3	Mention `` Solaris '' five year from now and I 'm sure those who saw it will have an opinion to share . 
4	Provides a very moving and revelatory footnote to the Holocaust . 
3	Mastering it formidable arithmetic of camera and soul , Group articulate a flood of emotion . 
1	A movie where story be almost an afterthought amidst a swirl of color and inexplicable event . 
3	Manages to accomplish what few sequel can -- it equal the original and in some way even better it . 
4	The lead be natural and lovely , the pace be serene , the humor wry and sprightly . 
3	Cantet beautifully illuminate what it mean sometimes to be inside look out , and at other time outside look in . 
2	journalism of the 1960s . 
1	Pretty much suck , but have a funny moment or two . 
3	It 's not like have a real film of Nijinsky , but at least it 's good than that eponymous 1980 biopic that use soap in the place where the mystery linger . 
1	A shoddy male hip hop fantasy fill with gun , expensive car , lot of naked woman and Rocawear clothing . 
1	What Madonna do here ca n't properly be call act -- more accurately , it 's move and it 's talk and it 's occasionally gesturing , sometimes all at once . 
3	Baby-faced Renner be eerily convince a this bland blank of a man with unimaginable demon within . 
2	A different kind of love story - one that be dark , disturb , painful to watch , yet compel . 
3	Even if you do n't understand what on earth be go on , this be a movie that will stimulate hour of post view discussion , if only to be remind of who do what to whom and why . 
4	Funny , somber , absurd , and , finally , achingly sad , Bartleby be a fine , understated piece of filmmaking . 
0	-LRB- T -RRB- his slop do n't even have potential a a cult film , a it 's too loud to shout insult at the screen . 
2	In the telling of a story largely untold , Bui choose to produce something that be ultimately suspiciously familiar . 
4	My Big Fat Greek Wedding be not only the best date movie of the year , it 's also a -- dare I say it twice -- delightfully charm -- and totally American , I might add -- slice of comedic bliss . 
3	Provides a satisfactory overview of the bizarre world of extreme athlete a several daredevil express their own view . 
1	Not exaggerated enough to be a parody of gross-out flick , college flick , or even flick in general . 
1	Looks and feel like a low-budget hybrid of Scarface or Carlito 's Way . 
4	and your reward will be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience . 
3	Kwan be a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise , and Lan Yu be a disarmingly lived-in movie . 
4	Neil Burger here succeed in ... make the mystery of four decade back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present . 
3	The Komediant be a tale worth catch . 
3	Even when it drag , we be force to reflect that it visual imagination be breathtaking 
2	Feeling like a dope have rarely be more fun than it be in Nine Queens . 
0	Of all the Halloween 's , this be the most visually unappealing . 
4	Funny , sexy , devastate and incurably romantic . 
4	Directors Brett Morgen and Nanette Burstein have put together a bold biographical fantasia . 
1	As if try to grab a lump of Play-Doh , the harder that Liman try to squeeze his story , the more detail slip out between his finger . 
3	It 's consistently funny , in an irresistible junior-high way , and consistently free of any gag that would force you to give it a millisecond of thought . 
0	I do go back and check out the last 10 minute , but these be more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minute . 
1	You can drive right by it without notice anything special , save for a few comic turn , intend and otherwise . 
0	-LRB- MacDowell -RRB- venture beyond her ability several time here and reveal how bad an actress she be . 
2	The question hanging over The Time Machine be not , a the main character suggest , ` what if ? ' 
3	More good than great but Freeman and Judd make it work . 
4	This be a story that zings all the way through with originality , humour and pathos . 
2	When in doubt , the film ratchet up the stirring soundtrack , throw in a fish-out-of-water gag and let the cliched dialogue rip . 
1	A movie that 's about a overbearing and over-the-top a the family it depict . 
3	I like it because it be so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive . 
1	This story of unrequited love do n't sustain interest beyond the first half-hour . 
2	The smash 'em - up , crash 'em - up , shoot 'em - up end come out of nowhere substitute mayhem for suspense . 
0	Suffers from unlikable character and a self-conscious sense of it own quirky hipness . 
1	A fragile framework upon which to hang broad , mildly fleshed-out character that seem to have be conjure up only 10 minute prior to film . 
4	Offers a guilt-free trip into feel-good territory . 
4	One of the most important and exhilarating form of animated filmmaking since old Walt doodle Steamboat Willie . 
3	While not quite `` Shrek '' or `` Monsters , Inc. '' , it 's not too bad . 
3	In all fairness , I must report that the child of vary age in my audience never cough , fidget or romp up and down the aisle for bathroom break . 
3	ou 've get to love a Disney pic with as little cleavage a this one have , and a heroine a feisty and principled a Jane . 
3	As simple and innocent a movie a you can imagine . 
1	I have a confession to make : I do n't particularly like E.T . the first time I saw it a a young boy . 
2	Put it somewhere between Sling Blade and South of Heaven , West of Hell in the pantheon of Billy Bob 's body of work . 
1	The Hanukkah spirit seem fry in pork . 
0	Eventually , they will have a showdown , but , by then , your sens be as mushy a pea and you do n't care who fire the winning shot . 
3	Witty dialog between realistic character show honest emotion . 
2	13 Conversations may be a bit too enigmatic and overly ambitious to be fully successful , but Sprecher and her screenwriting partner and sister , Karen Sprecher , do n't seem ever to run out of idea . 
0	The film be so busy make reference to other film and try to be other film that it fail to have a heart , mind or humor of it own . 
1	Viewers of Barney 's crushingly self-indulgent spectacle will see nothing in it to match the ordeal of sit through it . 
2	In many way , reminiscent of 1992 's Unforgiven which also utilize the scintillate force of it actor to draw out the menace of it sparse dialogue . 
3	I admire the closing scene of the film , which seem to ask whether our civilization offer a cure for Vincent 's complaint . 
4	Berry 's saucy , full-bodied performance give this age series a much need kick , make `` Die Another Day '' one of the most entertaining Bonds in year 
1	The film 's needlessly opaque intro take it doe-eyed Crudup out of pre-9 \/ 11 New York and onto a cross-country road trip of the Homeric kind . 
3	Boomers and their kid will have a Barrie good time . 
4	Flamboyant in some movie and artfully restrain in others , 65-year-old Jack Nicholson could be look at his 12th Oscar nomination by prove that he 's now , more than ever , choose his role with the precision of the insurance actuary . 
1	Billy Crystal and Robert De Niro sleepwalk through vulgarity in a sequel you can refuse . 
3	Its rawness and vitality give it considerable punch . 
0	It 's the kind of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that give Hollywood sequels a bad name . 
3	Whatever complaint I might have , I 'd take -LRB- it -RRB- earnest error and hard-won reward over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiasco like Antwone Fisher or The Emperor 's Club any time . 
1	It 's not so much a movie a a joint promotion for the National Basketball Association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy Lil ' Bow Wow . 
4	Ryan Gosling ... be at 22 a powerful young actor . 
2	A bonanza of wacky sight gag , outlandish color scheme , and corny visual pun that can be appreciate equally a an abstract Frank Tashlin comedy and a a playful recapitulation of the artist 's career . 
1	Every joke be repeat at least -- annoying , be n't it ? 
2	Made-Up lampoon the moviemaking process itself , while shin a not particularly flatter spotlight on America 's skin-deep notion of pulchritude . 
1	It 's a strange film , one that be hard for me to warm up to . 
3	A haunting tale of murder and mayhem . 
3	If you 're part of her targeted audience , you 'll cheer . 
2	Director Kevin Bray excels in break glass and mark off the `` Miami Vice '' checklist of power boat , Latin music and dog track . 
3	A brilliant , absurd collection of vignette that , in their own idiosyncratic way , sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium . 
2	Ong choose to present Ah Na 's life a a slight , weightless fairy tale , whose most unpleasant detail seem to melt away in the face of the character 's blank-faced optimism . 
3	In the end , the film be less the cheap thriller you 'd expect than it be a fairly reveal study of it two main character -- damaged-goods people whose orbit will inevitably and dangerously collide . 
4	If you 're not deeply touch by this movie , check your pulse . 
3	The film 's strength be n't in it detail , but in the large picture it paint - of a culture in conflict with itself , with the thin veneer of nationalism that cover our deepest , media-soaked fear . 
3	I 'm guess the director be a magician . 
3	For the most part , it work beautifully a a movie without sacrifice the integrity of the opera . 
3	Both a detective story and a romance spice with the intrigue of academic skullduggery and politics . 
3	It 's touch and tender and prove that even in sorrow you can find humor . 
3	Oddly , the film be n't nearly as downbeat a it sound , but strike a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny . 
1	The film be really closer to porn than a serious critique of what 's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture . 
1	Occasionally loud and offensive , but more often , it simply lull you into a gentle waking coma . 
1	... Tara Reid play a college journalist , but she look like the six-time winner of the Miss Hawaiian Tropic Pageant , so I do n't know what she 's do in here ... 
1	It all start to smack of a Hallmark Hall of Fame , with a few four letter word throw in that be generally not hear on television . 
0	Any reasonably creative eighth-grader could have write a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity error . 
2	Little more than a super-sized infomercial for the cable-sports channel and it Summer X Games . 
1	As original and insightful a last week 's episode of Behind the Music . 
0	A dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale of drug , death and mind-numbing indifference on the inner-city street . 
1	mire in a shabby script 
0	What 's hard to understand be why anybody pick it up . 
0	Some of the character die and others do n't , and the film pretend that those live have learn some sort of lesson , and , really , nobody in the viewing audience care . 
2	Its juxtaposition of overwrought existentialism and stomach-churning gore will have you forever on the verge of either crack up or throw up . 
3	The film 's gamble to occasionally break up the live-action scene with animated sequence pay off , a do it sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter . 
2	It 's like an old Warner Bros. costumer jive with sex -- this could be the movie Errol Flynn always want to make , though Bette Davis , cast a Joan , would have kill him . 
1	The problematic character and overly convenient plot twist foul up Shum 's good intention . 
0	The film desperately sink far and far into comedy futility . 
4	The story 's scope and pageantry be mesmerize , and Mr. Day-Lewis roar with leonine power . 
0	What ensue be much blood-splattering , mass drug-induced bowel evacuation , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinction between Americans and Brits . 
1	With a romantic comedy plotline straight from the age , this Cinderella story do n't have a single surprise up it sleeve . 
2	Director Oliver Parker labor so hard to whip life into The Importance of Being Earnest that he probably pull a muscle or two . 
3	`` Extreme Ops '' exceed expectation . 
3	I know I should n't have laugh , but hey , those fart get to my inner nine-year-old . 
1	Uzumaki 's interesting social parallel and defiant aesthetic seem a prostituted muse ... 
2	The film 's stagecraft be intimate and therefore bold than the otherwise calculated artifice that defines and overwhelm the film 's production design . 
3	A real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who 's ever wait in a doctor 's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office . 
4	Huppert and Girardot give performance of exceptional honesty . 
3	Tense , terrific , sweaty-palmed fun . 
4	It 's refresh that someone understand the need for the bad boy ; Diesel , with his brawny frame and cool , compose delivery , fit the bill perfectly . 
3	A lovely film for the holiday season . 
3	Though Jones and Snipes be enthral 
0	Devoid of any of the quality that make the first film so special . 
1	This be the kind of movie where the big scene be a man shoot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream . 
0	A thoroughly awful movie -- dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy ... a weird amalgam of ` The Thing ' and a geriatric ` Scream . ' 
3	A film of epic scale with an intimate feeling , a saga of the ups and down of friendship . 
2	A pure participatory event that malnourish intellectual will gulp down in a frenzy . 
2	Ah , what the hell . 
3	Parris ' performance be credible and remarkably mature . 
2	God be great , the movie 's not . 
4	Great performance , stylish cinematography and a gritty feel help make Gangster No . 1 a worthwhile moviegoing experience . 
4	Highly engage . 
2	Will you go ape over this movie ? 
0	... an hour-and-a-half of inoffensive , unmemorable filler . 
0	It 's not a bad premise , just a bad movie . 
2	Schnitzler 's film have a great hook , some clever bit and well-drawn , if standard issue , character , but be still only partly satisfy . 
1	Unfortunately , Carvey 's rubber-face routine be no match for the insipid script he have craft with Harris Goldberg . 
1	... begin with promise , but run aground after be snare in it own tangled plot . 
4	insightfully write , delicately perform 
1	There 's nothing remotely topical or sexy here . 
2	The movie 's message be quite admirable , but 
2	In a 102-minute film , Aaliyah get at most 20 minute of screen time . 
1	The result be far more alienating than involve . 
1	It force you to watch people do unpleasant thing to each other and themselves , and it maintain a cool distance from it material that be deliberately unsettling . 
3	Neither quite a comedy nor a romance , more of an impish divertissement of theme that interest Attal and Gainsbourg -- they live together -- the film have a lot of charm . 
3	Graham Greene 's novel of colonialism and empire be elevate by Michael Caine 's performance a a weary journalist in a changing world . 
0	If that do n't clue you in that something 's horribly wrong , nothing will . 
2	Has all the right element but completely fail to gel together . 
3	Never Again , while nothing special , be pleasant , divert and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction . 
3	The magic -LRB- and original running time -RRB- of ace Japanimator Hayao Miyazaki 's Spirited Away survive intact in BV 's re-voiced version . 
3	A tasty masala . 
1	Cherish would 've work a lot well have it be a short film . 
3	You 'll end up move . 
3	A sweet , tender sermon about a 12-year-old Welsh boy more curious about God than girl , who learn that believe in something do matter . 
3	What it lack in substance it make up for in heart . 
0	Distinctly sub-par ... more likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shiver down his spine . 
1	Reyes ' directorial debut have good thing to offer , but ultimately it 's undone by a sloppy script 
1	The trashy teen-sleaze equivalent of Showgirls . 
1	Snoots will no doubt rally to it cause , trot out threadbare standby like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey , but rarely do an establish filmmaker so ardently waste viewer ' time with a gobbler like this . 
1	It 's well suit for the history or biography channel , but there 's no argue the tone of the movie - it leave a bad taste in your mouth and question on your mind . 
2	Buries an interesting storyline 
3	This one be a few bit funny than Malle 's dud , if only because the cast be so engagingly mess around like Slob City reduction of Damon Runyon crook . 
3	The film have several strong performance . 
3	I have a new favorite musical -- and I 'm not even a fan of the genre 
0	This movie play like an extended dialogue exercise in Retard 101 . 
2	Ninety minute of Viva Castro ! 
3	An indispensable peek at the art and the agony of make people laugh . 
3	Judging by those standard , ` Scratch ' be a pretty decent little documentary . 
3	Does point the way for adventurous Indian filmmaker toward a crossover into nonethnic market . 
2	A direct-to-void release , head nowhere . 
0	Whether Jason X be this bad on purpose be never clear . 
2	Davis have energy , but she do n't bother to make her heroine 's book sound convincing , the gender-war idea original , or the comic scene fly . 
4	Soderbergh , like Kubrick before him , may not touch the planet 's skin , but understand the working of it spirit . 
0	... an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud that feel all too familiar . 
1	Unlike Trey Parker , Sandler do n't understand that the idea of exploit molestation for laugh be funny , not actually exploit it yourself . 
3	Visually engross , seldom hammy , honorably Mexican and burn it Kahlories with conviction . 
2	A Sha-Na-Na sketch punctuate with graphic violence . 
4	It 's a technically superb film , shin with all the usual Spielberg flair , expertly utilize the talent of his top-notch creative team . 
1	Everything be off . 
3	Here 's yet another cool crime movie that actually manage to bring something new into the mix . 
0	What a stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess this be ! 
1	Its inescapable absurdity be tantamount to insult the intelligence of anyone who have n't be live under a rock -LRB- since Sept. 11 -RRB- . 
1	-LRB- Jackson and Bledel -RRB- seem to have be pick not for their acting chop , but for their look and appeal to the pre-teen crowd . 
3	A lovely and beautifully photographed romance . 
1	Feels like the work of someone who may indeed have finally age past his prime ... and , perhaps more than he realize , just want to be like by the people who can still give him work . 
2	Serviceable at best , slightly less than serviceable at bad . 
3	It 's sort of a 21st century morality play with a Latino hip hop beat . 
1	An inelegant combination of two unrelated short that fall far short of the director 's previous work in term of both thematic content and narrative strength . 
3	In it dry and forceful way , it deliver the same message a Jiri Menzel 's Closely Watched Trains and Danis Tanovic 's No Man 's Land . 
4	But the performance of Pacino , Williams , and Swank keep the viewer wide-awake all the way through . 
4	The gag that fly at such a furiously funny pace that the only rip off that we be aware of be the one we felt when the movie end so damned soon . 
3	There be enough throwaway reference to faith and rainbows to plant smile-button face on that segment of the populace that make A Walk to Remember a niche hit . 
1	Rife with nutty cliche and far too much dialogue . 
1	It have the requisite faux-urban vibe and hotter-two-years-ago rap and R & B name and reference . 
3	If it 's unnerving suspense you 're after -- you 'll find it with Ring , an indisputably spooky film ; with a screenplay to die for . 
1	Leaks treacle from every pore . 
2	The best thing that can be say of the picture be that it do have a few cute moment . 
1	One lousy movie . 
1	A rather tired exercise in nostalgia . 
4	Vividly convey the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of Mexico 's most colorful and controversial artist -- a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in u all . 
4	One-of-a-kind near-masterpiece . 
0	MIB II be a movie that make it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minute or make several run to the concession stand and\/or restroom and not feel a if he or she have miss anything . 
2	Alas , the black-and-white archival footage of their act showcases pretty mediocre shtick . 
3	Remember it . 
0	Skip the film and buy the Philip Glass soundtrack CD . 
1	essentially `` Fatal Attraction '' remade for viewer who be in diaper when the original be release in 1987 . 
1	Does n't do more than expand a TV show to movie length . 
2	Mushes the college-friends genre -LRB- The Big Chill -RRB- together with the contrivance and overwrought emotion of soap opera . 
2	Meyjes focus too much on Max when he should be fill the screen with this tortured , dull artist and monster-in-the - making . 
0	The Tuxedo miscalculates badly by force the star to play second fiddle to the dull effect that allow the suit to come to life . 
2	Fubar be very funny , but not always in a laugh-out-loud way . 
0	As aimless a an old pickup skid completely out of control on a long patch of black ice , the movie make two hour feel like four . 
1	If you saw Benigni 's Pinocchio at a public park , you 'd grab your kid and run and then probably call the police . 
0	The character be paper thin and the plot be so cliched and contrive that it make your least favorite James Bond movie seem a cleverly plot a The Usual Suspects . 
2	Harris be suppose to be the star of the story , but come across a pretty dull and wooden . 
3	It celebrate the group 's playful spark of nonconformity , glance vividly back at what Hibiscus grandly call his ` angel of light . ' 
2	And I expect much more from a talent as outstanding a director Bruce McCulloch . 
3	A harrow account of a psychological breakdown . 
3	There 's absolutely no reason why Blue Crush , a late-summer surfer girl entry , should be as entertaining a it be 
2	Overall , it 's a wacky and inspired little film that work effortlessly at deliver genuine , acerbic laugh . 
1	Oscar caliber cast do n't live up to material 
1	... the kind of movie you see because the theater have air conditioning . 
1	When the screenwriter responsible for one of the bad movie of one year direct an equally miserable film the following year , you 'd have a hard time believe it be just coincidence . 
1	Although make on a shoestring and unevenly act , conjure a Lynch-like vision of the rot underbelly of Middle America . 
0	` It 's painful to watch Witherspoon 's talent waste away inside unnecessary film like Legally Blonde and Sweet Home Abomination , I mean , Alabama . ' 
2	A family-friendly fantasy that end up do very little with it imaginative premise . 
3	It 's hard to imagine anybody ever be `` in the mood '' to view a movie a harrowing and painful a The Grey Zone , but it 's equally hard to imagine anybody be able to tear their eye away from the screen once it 's start . 
3	Chicago offer much colorful eye candy , include the spectacle of Gere in his dancing shoe , hoof and croon with the best of them . 
1	No new plot conception or environmental change , just different body for sharp object to rip through . 
2	The inevitable double - and triple-crosses arise , but the only drama be in wait to hear how John Malkovich 's reedy consigliere will pronounce his next line . 
1	You come away think not only that Kate be n't very bright , but that she have n't be worth care about and that maybe she , Janine and Molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another . 
1	The result be so tame that even slightly wised-up kid would quickly change the channel . 
2	One of the odd and most inexplicable sequel in movie history . 
3	A mostly believable , refreshingly low-key and quietly inspirational little sport drama . 
2	Ana 's journey be not a stereotypical one of self-discovery , a she 's already comfortable enough in her own skin to be proud of her Rubenesque physique ... 
2	Falls short in explain the music and it root . 
2	Boy oh boy , it 's a howler . 
3	Niccol the filmmaker merge his collaborator ' symbolic image with his word , insinuating , for example , that in Hollywood , only God speak to the press 
4	One of the most genuinely sweet film to come along in quite some time . 
1	The movie start with a legend and end with a story that be so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it be n't true . 
4	Works because Reno do n't become smug or sanctimonious towards the audience . 
3	A few nonbeliever may rethink their attitude when they see the joy the character take in this creed , but skeptic be n't likely to enter the theater . 
0	Fred Schepisi 's film be pace at a speed that be slow to those of u in middle age and deathly slow to any teen . 
0	Yes , I have give this movie a rating of zero . 
3	A film of delicate interpersonal dance . 
3	The film be full of charm . 
2	In both the writing and cutting , it do not achieve the kind of dramatic unity that transport you . 
0	To be influence chiefly by humanity 's great shame , reality show -- reality show for God 's sake ! 
2	When Mr. Hundert tell u in his narration that ` this be a story without surprise , ' we nod in agreement . 
1	Time Out be as serious a a pink slip . 
2	Spy-vs . 
1	A listless and desultory affair . 
1	By the final whistle you 're convince that this Mean Machine be a decent TV out that just do n't have big screen magic . 
3	This time , the hype be quieter , and while the movie be slightly less successful than the first , it 's still a rollick good time for the most part . 
3	Often likable , but just as often it 's meander , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moment when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy . 
2	We could have expect a little more human be , and a little less product . 
3	Wonder of wonder -- a teen movie with a humanistic message . 
1	Whether it 's the bad movie of 2002 , I ca n't say for sure : Memories of Rollerball have fade , and I skip Country Bears . 
2	Proof of this be Ballistic : Ecks vs . Sever . 
1	Michele be a such a brainless flibbertigibbet that it 's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously . 
3	Though this saga would be terrific to read about , it be dicey screen material that only a genius should touch . 
1	There 's get to be a more graceful way of portray the devastation of this disease . 
4	Drawing on an irresistible , languid romanticism , Byler reveal the way in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth . 
3	A move tale of love and destruction in unexpected place , unexamined life . 
2	Much of the digitally altered footage 
2	If you can keep your eye open amid all the blood and gore , you 'll see Del Toro have bring unexpected gravity to Blade II . 
1	Nothing but one relentlessly depress situation after another for it entire running time , something that you could easily be deal with right now in your life . 
4	Gosling create a staggeringly compelling character , a young man whose sharp intellect be at the very root of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive way . 
2	It 's all pretty tame . 
0	A less-than-thrilling thriller . 
2	The plot meander from grip to plod and back . 
1	Parts of the film feel a bit too much like an infomercial for Ram Dass 's late book aim at the boomer demographic . 
1	A prolonged extrusion of psychopathic pulp . 
3	The film 's sense of imagery give it a terrible strength , but it 's propel by the acting . 
4	Schepisi , aid by a cast that seem to include every top-notch British actor who do not appear in Gosford Park -LRB- as well a one , Ms. Mirren , who do -RRB- , have succeed beyond all expectation . 
2	The plan to make Enough into ` an inspiring tale of survival wrap in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller ' 
3	A lovably old-school Hollywood confection . 
1	The character seem one-dimensional , and the film be superficial and will probably be of interest primarily to it target audience . 
3	For once , a movie do not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebody , but permit them time and space to convince u of that all on their own . 
0	A dull , somnambulant exercise in pretension whose pervasive quiet be break by frequent outburst of violence and noise . 
2	Paxton 's uneven directorial debut fail to unlock the full potential of what be in many way a fresh and dramatically substantial spin on the genre . 
3	Watching the chemistry between Freeman and Judd , however , almost make this movie worth see . 
0	The attempt to build up a pressure cooker of horrified awe emerge from the simple fact that the movie have virtually nothing to show . 
2	There 's something about a marching band that get me where I live . 
4	Serious movie-goers embark upon this journey will find that The Road to Perdition lead to a satisfying destination . 
1	It 's mildly sentimental , unabashedly consumerist ... studiously inoffensive and completely disposable . 
1	Serving Sara be little more than a mall movie design to kill time . 
0	A dull , dumb and derivative horror film . 
1	Wimps out by go for that PG-13 rating , so the more graphic violence be mostly off-screen and the sexuality be mute . 
3	While this movie , by necessity , lack Fellowship 's heart , Two Towers outdo it spectacle . 
4	The performer be so spot on , it be hard to conceive anyone else in their role . 
3	Asks what truth can be discern from non-firsthand experience , and specifically question cinema 's capability for record truth . 
1	It 's a mystery how the movie could be release in this condition . 
4	Extremely well act by the four primary actor , this be a seriously intend movie that be not easily forget . 
3	A formula family tearjerker tell with a heavy Irish brogue ... accentuating , rather than mute , the plot 's saccharine thrust . 
3	The stunt work be top-notch ; the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly funny . 
3	A mischievous visual style and oodles of charm make ` Cherish ' a very good -LRB- but not great -RRB- movie . 
2	Ends up be mostly about ravish costume , eye-filling , wide-screen production design and Joan 's wacky decision to stand by her man , no matter how many time he demonstrate that he 's a disloyal satyr . 
3	A four star performance from Kevin Kline who unfortunately work with a two star script . 
3	Talk To Her be not the perfect movie many have make it out to be , but it 's still quite worth see . 
4	Wilco be a phenomenal band with such an engross story that will capture the mind and heart of many . 
3	It may not be a huge cut of above the rest , but I enjoy Barbershop . 
3	A gripping documentary that reveal how deep the antagonism lie in war-torn Jerusalem . 
1	All movie long , City by the Sea swing from one approach to the other , but in the end , it stay in formula -- which be a waste of De Niro , McDormand and the other good actor in the cast . 
4	Miyazaki 's nonstop image be so stunning , and his imagination so vivid , that the only possible complaint you could have about Spirited Away be that there be no rest period , no timeout . 
0	No French people be harm during the making of this movie , but they be insult and the audience be put through torture for an hour and a half . 
0	Instead of make his own style , director Marcus Adams just copy from various source -- good source , bad mixture 
3	After see ` Analyze That , ' I feel well already . 
3	Very predictable but still entertaining 
3	Do n't wait to see this terrific film with your kid -- if you do n't have kid borrow some . 
3	It thankfully go easy on the reel\/real world dichotomy that -LRB- Jaglom -RRB- pursue with such enervate determination in Venice\/Venice . 
3	A subtle , humorous , illuminate study of politics , power and social mobility . 
4	For all it visual panache and compel support character , the heart of the film rest in the relationship between Sullivan and his son . 
1	There 's a delightfully quirky movie to be make from curl , but Brooms be n't it . 
2	The animation be competent , and some of the gag be quite funny , but Jonah ... never shake the oppressive , morally superior good-for-you quality that almost automatically accompany didactic entertainment . 
4	A venturesome , beautifully realize psychological mood piece that reveal it first-time feature director 's understanding of the expressive power of the camera . 
3	A film with contemporary political resonance illustrate by a win family story . 
1	It 's not too much of anything . 
1	It dabble all around , never gain much momentum . 
4	An enjoyable experience . 
1	With the dog day of August upon u , think of this dog of a movie a the cinematic equivalent of high humidity . 
0	... the story be far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid . 
1	If they break out into elaborate choreography , sing and finger snap it might have hold my attention , but a it stand I keep look for the last exit from Brooklyn . 
3	I love the look of this film . 
2	Elmo tout his drug a be 51 time strong than coke . 
2	A brutally honest documentary about a much anticipate family reunion that go wrong thanks to culture shock and a refusal to empathize with others . 
1	And adult will at least have a dream image of the West to savor whenever the film 's lamer instinct be in the saddle . 
1	The lousy lead performance ... keep the movie from ever reach the comic height it obviously desire . 
0	The lack of naturalness make everything seem self-consciously poetic and force ... It 's a pity that -LRB- Nelson 's -RRB- achievement do n't match his ambition . 
3	Coral Reef Adventure be a heavyweight film that fight a good fight on behalf of the world 's endanger reef -- and it let the picture do the punching . 
3	This story of a determined woman 's courage to find her husband in a war zone offer win performance and some effecting moment . 
1	Feels le like a cousin to Blade Runner than like a bottom-feeder sequel in the Escape From New York series . 
2	Life or Something Like It have it share of high point , but it miss too many opportunity . 
3	Piercingly affect ... while clearly a manipulative film , emerge a powerful rather than cloy . 
1	The holiday message of the 37-minute Santa vs. the Snowman leave a lot to be desire . 
0	A DOA dud from frame one . 
4	A vibrant , colorful , semimusical rendition . 
3	-LRB- A -RRB- strong piece of work . 
4	Visually breathtaking , viscerally exciting , and dramatically move , it 's the very definition of epic adventure . 
3	The movie be ... very funny a you peek at it through the finger in front of your eye . 
3	Instead of simply handle conventional material in a conventional way , Secretary take the most unexpected material and handle it in the most unexpected way . 
1	We get the comedy we settle for . 
2	This be the first full scale WWII flick from Hong Kong 's John Woo . 
2	For all of it insight into the dream world of teen life , and it electronic expression through cyber culture 
4	This comic gem be as delightful a it be derivative . 
4	A must see for all side of the political spectrum 
3	Smaller number kidlets will enjoy . 
3	- West Coast rap war , this modern mob music drama never fail to fascinate . 
4	In the new release of Cinema Paradiso , the tale have turn from sweet to bittersweet , and when the tear come during that final , beautiful scene , they finally feel absolutely earn . 
4	A worthy addition to the cinematic canon , which , at last count , number 52 different version . 
1	We do get the distinct impression that this franchise be draw to a close . 
3	A sensitive , modest comic tragedy that work a both character study and symbolic examination of the huge economic change sweep modern China . 
2	Parker should be commend for take a fresh approach to familiar material , but his determination to remain true to the original text lead him to adopt a somewhat mannered tone ... that ultimately dull the human tragedy at the story 's core . 
3	Buy be an accomplished actress , and this be a big , juicy role . 
0	For the future , one hop Mr. Plympton will find room for one more member of his little band , a professional screenwriter . 
3	A clever script and skilled actor bring new energy to the familiar topic of office politics . 
2	The cameo-packed , M : I-2-spoofing title sequence be the funny 5 minute to date in this spy comedy franchise ... Then Mike Myers show up and ruin everything . 
3	A photographic marvel of sort , and it 's certainly an invaluable record of that special fishy community . 
4	Hashiguchi cover this territory with wit and originality , suggest that with his fourth feature -- the first to be release in the U.S. -- a major director be emerge in world cinema . 
3	A grittily beautiful film that look , sound , and feel more like an extended , open-ended poem than a traditionally structured story . 
0	-LRB- L -RRB- ame and unnecessary . 
3	Davis ' candid , archly funny and deeply authentic take on intimate relationship come to fruition in her sophomore effort . 
4	Think of it a Gidget , only with muscle and a lot more smart , but just a endear and easy to watch . 
1	... too contrive to be a naturally charm a it need to be . 
3	The Lady and the Duke be a smart , romantic drama that dare to depict the French Revolution from the aristocrat ' perspective . 
1	The film be strictly routine . 
4	Features one of the most affecting depiction of a love affair ever commit to film . 
0	Does n't come close to justify the hype that surround it debut at the Sundance Film Festival two year ago . 
2	The story , touch though it be , do not quite have enough emotional resonance or variety of incident to sustain a feature , and even at 85 minute it feel a bit long . 
3	The film be insightful about Kissinger 's background and history . 
1	A rote exercise in both animation and storytelling . 
1	With a `` Spy Kids '' sequel open next week , why bother with a contemptible imitator star a `` SNL '' has-been act like an 8-year-old channeling Roberto Benigni ? 
2	The movie be n't horrible , but you can see mediocre crest on the next wave . 
4	Give credit to everyone from Robinson down to the key grip that this bold move work . 
1	Its salient point be simultaneously bury , drown and smother in the excess of writer-director Roger Avary . 
1	The movie be too impressed with it own solemn insight to work up much entertainment value . 
2	There 's a lot of good material here , but there 's also a lot of redundancy and unsuccessful crudeness accompany it . 
1	The director 's many dodge and turn add up to little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that 's low on both suspense and payoff . 
1	A Movie to Forget 
4	Irwin be so earnest that it 's hard to resist his plea to spare wildlife and respect their environs . 
1	The narrator and the other character try to convince u that act transfigures Esther , but she 's never see speak on stage ; one feel cheat , and Esther seem to remain an unchanged dullard . 
1	Worthy of the gong . 
0	It 's tough to be startle when you 're almost dozing . 
1	The image lack contrast , be murky and be frequently too dark to be decipherable . 
4	One of those exceedingly rare film in which the talk alone be enough to keep u involve . 
4	a screenplay more ingeniously construct than `` Memento '' 
1	The film never get over it own investment in conventional arrangement , in term of love , age , gender , race , and class . 
1	Lucas have in fact come close than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serial of the '30s and '40s . 
4	The film 's intimate camera work and sear performance pull u deep into the girl ' confusion and pain a they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's open between them . 
1	Like leaf through an album of photo accompany by the sketchiest of caption . 
0	-LRB- Sam 's -RRB- self-flagellation be more depressing than entertain . 
1	Resembles a soft porn Brian De Palma pastiche . 
1	So mind-numbingly awful that you hope Britney wo n't do it one more time , as far a movie be concern . 
1	I can imagine this movie a a b & w British comedy , circa 1960 , with Peter Sellers , Kenneth Williams , et al . , but at this time , with this cast , this movie be hopeless . 
4	-LRB- Danny Huston give -RRB- an astounding performance that deftly , gradually reveal a real human soul bury beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk . 
4	Just like a splendid meal , Red Dragon satisfies -- from it ripe recipe , inspire ingredient , certify cuisine and palatable presentation . 
4	Director Juan Jose Campanella could have turn this into an Argentine retread of `` Iris '' or `` American Beauty , '' but instead pull a little from each film and create something more beautiful than either of those film . 
4	Bursting through the constraint of it source , this be one adapted - from-television movie that actually look a if it belong on the big screen . 
2	an 83 minute document of a project which start in a muddle , seesaw back and forth between control interest multiple time , then find it sweet spot 
3	Twohy know how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying , and get full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record . 
3	every once in a while , a movie will come along that turn me into that annoy specimen of humanity that I usually dread encounter the most - The Fanboy 
4	Bogdanovich tap deep into the Hearst mystique , entertainingly reenact a historic scandal . 
3	K 19 stay afloat a decent drama\/action flick 
0	Burns ' fifth beer-soaked film feel in almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performance -- toss off . 
1	The problem with movie about angel be they have a tendency to slip into hokum . 
3	The graphic carnage and re-creation of war-torn Croatia be uncomfortably timely , relevant , and sickeningly real . 
2	I survive . 
2	A slight and obvious effort , even for one whose target demographic be likely still in the single digit , age-wise . 
3	Roman Polanski 's autobiographical gesture at redemption be good than ` Shindler 's List ' - it be more than merely a Holocaust movie . 
2	Less a heartfelt appeal for the handicapped than a nice Belgian waffle . 
1	As saccharine movie go , this be likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if take in large dos . 
3	It fall far short of poetry , but it 's not bad prose . 
4	Exceptionally well act by Diane Lane and Richard Gere . 
4	This be more fascinating -- be real -- than anything see on Jerry Springer . 
3	Their computer-animated face be very expressive . 
0	It appear a if even the filmmaker do n't know what kind of movie they be make . 
2	You 'll laugh at either the obviousness of it all or it stupidity or maybe even it inventiveness , but the point be , you 'll laugh . 
2	like a poor man 's You Can Count On Me 
2	Confounding because it solemnly advance a daringly preposterous thesis . 
1	A documentary to make the stone weep -- as shameful a it be scary . 
1	A thriller without thrill and a mystery devoid of urgent question . 
3	Return to Never Land may be another shameless attempt by Disney to rake in dough from baby boomer family , but it 's not half-bad . 
2	They do a good job of paint this family dynamic for the audience but they try to squeeze too many element into the film . 
3	A fine documentary can be distinguish from a mediocre one by the good film 's ability to make it subject interesting to those who be n't part of it suppose target audience . 
3	Strange and beautiful film . 
1	The script become lifeless and fall apart like a cheap lawn chair . 
1	... hit every cliche we 've come to expect , include the assumption that `` crazy '' people be innocent , childlike and inherently funny . 
3	We 've see it all before in one form or another , but director Hoffman , with great help from Kevin Kline , make u care about this late reincarnation of the world 's great teacher . 
1	There 's a reason why halftime be only fifteen minute long . 
4	Ong 's promising debut be a warm and well-told tale of one recent Chinese immigrant 's experience in New York City . 
3	What 's so striking about Jolie 's performance be that she never let her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair . 
1	It 's suppose to be a romantic comedy - it suffer from too much Norma Rae and not enough Pretty Woman . 
2	Humorous , artsy , and even cute , in an off-kilter , dark , vaguely disturb way . 
3	The lean and mean of Solondz 's misanthropic comedy . 
3	The movie enter a realm where few non-porn film venture , and come across a darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle . 
1	It 's a if Solondz have two idea for two movie , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out , so he just slop ` em together here . 
1	A low-rent retread of the Alien picture . 
3	For decade we 've marvel at Disney 's rendering of water , snow , flame and shadow in a hand-drawn animated world . 
2	Has it charming quirk and it dull spot . 
3	Several of Steven Soderbergh 's early film be hail a the work of an artist . 
2	Who be the audience for Cletis Tout ? 
2	Perhaps not since Nelson Eddy croon his Indian Love Call to Jeanette MacDonald have there be a movie so unabashedly Canadian , not afraid to risk American scorn or disinterest . 
0	Like a soft drink that 's be sit open too long : it 's too much syrup and not enough fizz . 
1	But they lack their idol 's energy and passion for detail . 
1	Schaefer 's ... determination to inject farcical raunch ... drown out the promise of the romantic angle . 
1	Instead of use George and Lucy 's most obvious difference to ignite spark , Lawrence desperately look elsewhere , seize on George 's haplessness and Lucy 's personality tic . 
2	It be n't that the picture be unfamiliar , but that it manage to find new avenue of discourse on old problem . 
3	An alternately fascinating and frustrating documentary . 
0	Contrived , maudlin and cliche-ridden ... if this sappy script be the best the contest receive , those reject must have be astronomically bad . 
3	An absorbing and unsettling psychological drama . 
2	There be time when you wish that the movie have work a little harder to conceal it contrivance , but Brown Sugar turn out to be a sweet and enjoyable fantasy . 
0	It do n't work a either . 
1	... too sappy for it own good . 
0	Without any redeem value whatsoever . 
1	A Blair Witch - style adventure that play like a bad soap opera , with passable performance from everyone in the cast . 
1	The author 's devotee will probably find it fascinate ; others may find it baffle . 
3	The quirky and recessive charm of co-star Martin Donovan and Mary-Louise Parker help overcome the problematic script . 
4	It 's a very valuable film ... 
3	And more than that , it 's an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation . 
4	That rare movie that work on any number of level -- a a film of magic and whimsy for child , a heartfelt romance for teenager and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adult . 
3	Apart from it own considerable achievement 
4	A cultural wildcard experience : wacky , different , unusual , even nutty . 
3	Just a the recent Argentine film Son of the Bride remind u that a feel-good movie can still show real heart , Time of Favor present u with an action movie that actually have a brain . 
3	A marvelous performance by Allison Lohman a an identity-seeking foster child . 
3	In fact , it 's quite fun in place . 
2	Halloween : Resurrection be n't exactly quality cinema , but it be n't nearly as terrible a it cold have be . 
1	It 's a thin notion , repetitively stretch out to feature length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effect , drone house music and flat , flat dialogue . 
2	As his circle of friend keep get small one of the character in Long Time Dead say ` I 'm tell you , this be f \*\*\* ed ' . 
3	Worth a look a a curiosity . 
1	It 's a Frankenstein-monster of a film that do n't know what it want to be . 
2	Super Troopers be an odd amalgam of comedy genre , exist somewhere between the often literal riff of early Zucker Brothers\/Abrahams film , and the decidedly foul stylings of their post-modern contemporary , The Farrelly Brothers . 
0	There 's nothing to gain from watch They . 
4	The all-French cast be marveilleux . 
2	Worse than ` Silence of the Lambs ' good than ` Hannibal ' 
0	It 's not just the vampire that be damn in Queen of the Damned -- the viewer will feel they suffer the same fate . 
1	`` Looking For Leonard '' just seem to kinda sit in neutral , hop for a stiff wind to blow it uphill or something . 
4	But believe it or not , it 's one of the most beautiful , evocative work I 've see . 
1	While American Adobo have it heart -LRB- and it palate -RRB- in the right place , it brain be a little scattered -- ditsy , even . 
1	There 's a reason the studio do n't offer an advance screening . 
3	And there 's the inimitable Diaz , hold it all together . 
2	make sense , 
2	Not everything in the film work , include it somewhat convenient end . 
3	The word that come to mind , while watch Eric Rohmer 's tribute to a courageous Scottish lady , be painterly . 
2	It may not be a cut , a witty or as true a back in the glory day of Weekend and Two or Three Things I Know About Her , but who else engage in filmmaking today be so cognizant of the cultural and moral issue involve in the process ? 
4	Tully be in many way the perfect festival film : a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeal to the storytelling instinct of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience . 
3	Nakata 's technique be to imply terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effect . 
2	If I have to choose between gorgeous animation and a lame story -LRB- like , say , Treasure Planet -RRB- or so-so animation and an exciting , clever story with a batch of appeal character , I 'll take the latter every time . 
1	For every articulate player , such a skateboarder Tony Hawk or BMX rider Mat Hoffman , be about a half dozen young Turks angle to see how many time they can work the word `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence . 
2	It 's a sight to behold . 
1	Excruciatingly unfunny and pitifully unromantic . 
3	A wildly erratic drama with sequence that make you wince in embarrassment and others , thanks to the actor , that be quite touch . 
3	A modest masterpiece . 
3	Be patient with the lovely Hush ! 
3	There be laugh aplenty , and , a a bonus , viewer do n't have to worry about be subject to fart , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substance that have overrun modern-day comedy . 
4	Beautifully craft and cooly unsettling ... recreate the atmosphere of the crime expertly . 
1	Any rock pile will do for a set . 
1	I 'm left slightly disappointed that it do n't . 
1	The element be all there but lack of a pyschological center knock it flat . 
2	Where Bowling for Columbine be at it most valuable be in it examination of America 's culture of fear a a root cause of gun violence . 
3	Though the story ... be hackneyed , the character have a freshness and modesty that transcend their predicament . 
2	Often overwrought and at time positively irritate , the film turn into an engross thriller almost in spite of itself . 
4	A well pace and satisfy little drama that deserve good than a ` direct-to-video ' release . 
2	In Moonlight Mile , no one get shut out of the hug cycle . 
3	It can be safely recommend a a video\/DVD babysitter . 
4	A conventional but heartwarming tale . 
3	It be hard not to be especially grateful for freedom after a film like this . 
4	Woody Allen can write and deliver a one liner as well a anybody . 
1	I spy with my little eye ... a mediocre collection of cookie-cutter action scene and occasionally inspired dialogue bit 
2	Blithely anachronistic and slyly achronological . 
1	A disappointment for a movie that should have be the ultimate IMAX trip . 
4	It turn out to be smart and more diabolical than you could have guess at the beginning . 
0	In term of execution this movie be careless and unfocused . 
2	Your nightmare , on the other hand , will be anything but . 
4	A slick , engross melodrama . 
0	This picture be murder by number , and a easy to be bore by a your ABC 's , despite a few whopping shootout . 
2	Some be fascinating and others be not , and in the end , it be almost a good movie . 
2	Both flaw and delay , Martin Scorcese 's Gangs of New York still emerge a his most vital work since GoodFellas . 
2	Entertaining despite it one-joke premise with the thesis that woman from Venus and men from Mars can indeed get together . 
2	A film that present an interesting , even sexy premise then ruin itself with too many contrivance and goofy situation . 
4	It 's sweet , funny , charming , and completely delightful . 
2	A respectable venture on it own term , lack the broad vision that have see certain Trek film ... cross over to a more mainstream audience . 
4	A movie that both thrill the eye and , in it over-the-top way , touch the heart . 
3	Though it run 163 minute , Safe Conduct be anything but languorous . 
0	Sinks so low in a poorly play game of absurd plot twist , idiotic court maneuver and stupid character that even Freeman ca n't save it . 
3	A surprisingly charming and even witty match for the best of Hollywood 's comic-book adaptation . 
4	Still , this flick be fun , and host to some truly excellent sequence . 
4	Some of the visual flourish be a little too obvious , but restrain and subtle storytelling , and fine performance make this delicate coming-of-age tale a treat . 
1	Those seek a definitive account of Eisenstein 's life would do good elsewhere . 
3	The casting of Raymond J. Barry a the ` assassin ' greatly enhance the quality of Neil Burger 's impressive fake documentary . 
0	The only thing to fear about `` Fear Dot Com '' be hit your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minute into the film . 
3	Affectionately remind u that , in any language , the huge stuff in life can usually be trace back to the little thing . 
3	Entirely appropriately , the tale unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and conclude with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn . 
1	The Chateau ... be less concerned with cultural and political issue than dot on it eccentric character . 
1	As be often the case with ambitious , eager first-time filmmaker , Mr. Murray , a prolific director of music video , stuff his debut with more plot than it can comfortably hold . 
2	It 's a gag that 's worn a bit thin over the year , though Do n't Ask still find a few chuckle . 
1	Like Schindler 's List , The Grey Zone attempt to be grandiloquent , but end up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way . 
2	A movie that will wear you out and make you misty even when you do n't want to be . 
3	Compassionately explore the seemingly irreconcilable situation between conservative Christian parent and their estrange gay and lesbian child . 
1	Sad nonsense , this . 
4	An amusing and unexpectedly insightful examination of sexual jealousy , resentment and the fine line between passion and pretence . 
2	You see Robin Williams and psycho killer , and you think , hmmmmm . 
2	It 's not a film to be take literally on any level , but it focus always appear questionable . 
1	Broomfield 's style of journalism be hardly journalism at all , and even those with an avid interest in the subject will grow impatient . 
3	Never once predictable . 
0	It would take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of Oscar Wilde 's classic satire . 
2	It 's too bad that the rest be n't more compelling . 
1	There be some laugh in this movie , but Williams ' anarchy get tiresome , the satire be weak . 
2	That be make almost impossible by event that set the plot in motion . 
0	You see the movie and you think , zzzzzzzzz . 
3	The film 's highlight be definitely it screenplay , both for the rhapsodic dialogue that jump off the page , and for the memorable character creation . 
0	Gaghan capture the half-lit , sometimes creepy intimacy of college dorm room , a subtlety that make the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing . 
0	Such an incomprehensible mess that it feel less like bad cinema than like be stick in a dark pit have a nightmare about bad cinema . 
2	I believe Silberling have the best intention here , but he just do n't have the restraint to fully realize them . 
3	Craig Bartlett and director Tuck Tucker should be commend for illustrate the merit of fight hard for something that really matter . 
3	A good thriller . 
2	It 's up to you to decide whether to admire these people 's dedication to their cause or be repel by their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view of American life . 
4	One fantastic -LRB- and educational -RRB- documentary . 
3	... an interesting slice of history . 
3	It 's too harsh to work a a piece of storytelling , but a an intellectual exercise -- an unpleasant debate that 's be give the drive of a narrative and that 's be act out -- The Believer be nothing less than a provocative piece of work . 
0	I guess it just go to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen . 
3	The performance be uniformly good . 
1	I want more . 
1	Femme Fatale offer nothing more than a bait-and-switch that be beyond play fair with the audience . 
4	More intimate than spectacular , E.T . be carry less by wow factor than by it funny , move yarn that hold up well after two decade . 
1	A wannabe comedy of manner about a brainy prep-school kid with a Mrs. Robinson complex founder on it own preciousness -- and squanders it beautiful woman . 
1	This be an action movie with an action icon who 's be all but decommission . 
1	One thing 's for sure -- if George Romero have direct this movie , it would n't have take the protagonist a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head . 
3	An amused indictment of Jaglom 's own profession . 
2	Trailer park Magnolia : too long , too cutesy , too sure of it own importance , and possess of that peculiar tension of be too dense & about nothing at all . 
1	This be a film tailor-made for those who when they be in high school would choose the Cliff-Notes over read a full-length classic . 
4	`` Home Movie '' be a sweet treasure and something well worth your time . 
2	A mess , but it 's a sincere mess . 
4	The movie be brilliant , really . 
0	Another week , another gross-out college comedy -- ugh . 
2	The film 's overall mood and focus be interest but constantly unfulfilling . 
1	This be a movie so insecure about it capacity to excite that it churn up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorm to underscore the action . 
0	An undistinguished attempt to make a classic theater piece cinematic . 
2	It 's not too racy and it 's not too offensive . 
2	Make no mistake , ivans xtc . 
2	Impostor do n't do much with it template , despite a remarkably strong cast . 
1	Ultimately , the film amount to be lecture to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing . 
1	Although no pastry be violate , this nasty comedy poke fun at the same easy target a other rowdy raunch-fests -- fart , boob , unmentionable -- without much success . 
1	Yet another Arnold vehicle that fail to make adequate use of his particular talent . 
1	Most of the information have already appear in one forum or another and , no matter how Broomfield dress it up , it tend to speculation , conspiracy theory or , at best , circumstantial evidence . 
0	Be forewarn , if you 're depress about anything before watch this film , you may just end up try to drown yourself in a lake afterwards . 
4	The music make a nice album , the food be entice and Italy beckons u all . 
0	A lame comedy . 
4	It 's tough to watch , but it 's a fantastic movie . 
3	The plot of the comeback curler be n't very interesting actually , but what I like about Men With Brooms and what be kind of special be how the film know what 's unique and quirky about Canadians . 
4	Like Vardalos and Corbett , who play their role with vibrant charm , the film , direct by Joel Zwick , be heartfelt and hilarious in way you ca n't fake . 
0	Makes 98 minute feel like three hour . 
3	Most consumer of lo mein and General Tso 's chicken barely give a thought to the folk who prepare and deliver it , so , hopefully , this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming carton . 
1	... a pretentious and ultimately empty examination of a sick and evil woman . 
3	Sad to say -- it accurately reflect the rage and alienation that fuel the self-destructiveness of many young people . 
3	The little girls understand , and McCracken know that 's all that matter . 
0	An unfortunate title for a film that have nothing endear about it . 
1	Shame on writer\/director Vicente Aranda for make a florid biopic about mad queen , obsessive relationship , and rampant adultery so dull . 
2	This be SO De Palma . 
4	Spiderman ROCKS 
3	Overcomes it visual hideousness with a sharp script and strong performance . 
2	Thriller directorial debut for Traffic scribe Gaghan have all the right part , but the piece do n't quite fit together . 
1	Though there be many tense scene in Trapped , they prove more distressing than suspenseful . 
3	... work on some level and be certainly worth see at least once . 
1	Does n't deliver a great story , nor be the action as gripping a in past Seagal film . 
0	For a guy who have wait three year with breathless anticipation for a new Hal Hartley movie to pore over , No Such Thing be a big letdown . 
1	Watching `` Ending '' be too often like look over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknack at your neighbor 's garage sale . 
4	Unfolds with such a wallop of you-are-there immediacy that when the bullet start to fly , your first instinct be to duck . 
2	The reason to see `` Sade '' lay with the chemistry and complex relationship between the marquis -LRB- Auteil -RRB- and Emilie -LRB- Le Besco -RRB- . 
4	Still rapturous after all these year , Cinema Paradiso stand a one of the great film about movie love . 
2	A passable romantic comedy , in need of another couple of pass through the word processor . 
4	An enjoyable comedy 
1	The gift Crudup have the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearn to find himself , and his cipherlike personality and bad behavior would play fine if the movie know what to do with him . 
3	This film be an act of spiritual faith -- an eloquent , deeply felt meditation on the nature of compassion . 
1	Feels aimless for much of it running time , until late in the film when a tidal wave of plot arrives , leave question in it wake . 
3	Although Estela Bravo 's documentary be cloyingly hagiographic in it portrait of Cuban leader Fidel Castro , it 's still a guilty pleasure to watch . 
0	for those for whom the name Woody Allen be once a guarantee of something fresh , sometimes funny , and usually genuinely worthwhile , Hollywood Ending be a depressing experience 
3	Even if you 're an agnostic carnivore , you can enjoy much of Jonah simply , and gratefully , a laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced Monty Pythonesque flavor . 
2	Though it be make with careful attention to detail and be well-acted by James Spader and Maggie Gyllenhaal , I felt disrespect . 
1	How this one escape the Lifetime network I 'll never know . 
2	A bit too derivative to stand on it own a the psychological thriller it purport to be . 
4	By the standard of knucklehead swill , The Hot Chick be pretty damned funny . 
4	Cuaron repeatedly , perversely undercut the joie de vivre even a he create it , give the movie a mournful undercurrent that place the good-time shenanigan in welcome perspective . 
1	Every visual joke be milk , every set-up obvious and lengthy , every punchline predictable . 
2	I prefer to think of it a `` Pootie Tang with a budget . '' 
2	Ranges from laugh-out-loud hilarious to wonder-what - time-it-is tedious . 
4	A reminder that beyond all the hype and recent digital glitz , Spielberg know how to tell u about people . 
3	A fast pace and suspenseful Argentinian thriller about the shadow side of play . 
4	Ryan Gosling be , in a word , brilliant a the conflicted Daniel . 
3	It 's a visual delight and a decent popcorn adventure , as long a you do n't try to look too deep into the story 
1	Possibly the most irresponsible picture ever release by a major film studio . 
4	Steven Spielberg bring u another masterpiece 
3	While the frequent allusion to guru and doshas will strike some Westerners a verge on mumbo-jumbo ... broad streak of common sense emerge with unimpeachable clarity . 
3	Old-fashioned but thoroughly satisfying entertainment . 
3	Told just proficiently enough to trounce it overly comfortable trapping . 
3	City by the Sea be a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamic one could wish for . 
0	Sets animation back 30 year , musical back 40 year and Judaism back at least 50 . 
2	Not kid , who do n't need the lesson in repugnance . 
0	under-rehearsed and lifeless 
1	The film ultimately offer nothing more than people in an urban jungle need other people to survive ... 
3	... `` Bowling for Columbine '' remain a disquieting and thought-provoking film ... 
4	The byplay and bickering between the now spy-savvy sibling , Carmen -LRB- Vega -RRB- and Juni -LRB- Sabara -RRB- Cortez , anchor the film in a very real and amusing give-and-take . 
2	Melodrama with a message . 
1	The Sweetest Thing leave an awful sour taste . 
4	`` 13 Conversations About One Thing '' be an intelligent flick that examine many different idea from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling . 
0	Just dreadful . 
4	This be pure , excite moviemaking . 
3	The work of an exhausted , desiccated talent who ca n't get out of his own way . 
2	The director have inject self-consciousness into the proceeding at every turn . 
3	Deepa Mehta provide an accessible introduction as well a some intelligent observation on the success of Bollywood in the Western world . 
2	Tian emphasize the isolation of these character by confine color to Liyan 's backyard . 
2	As well-acted and well-intentioned a All or Nothing be , however , the film come perilously close to be too bleak , too pessimistic and too unflinching for it own good . 
1	Seagal be painfully foolish in try to hold onto what 's leave of his passe ' chopsocky glory . 
1	Do we really need the Tiger Beat version ? 
1	Two big thing be miss -- anything approach a visceral kick , and anything approach even a vague reason to sit through it all . 
1	This film big problem ? 
4	`` Simone '' be a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrive on artificiality . 
3	Will give many minister and Bible-study group hour of material to discuss . 
0	Amazingly lame . 
4	An engross portrait of a man whose engaging manner and flamboyant style make him a truly larger-than-life character . 
2	Moretti play Giovanni , a psychiatrist who predictably find it difficult to sustain interest in his profession after the family tragedy . 
1	A slow-moving police-procedural thriller that take it title all too literally . 
3	An awfully good , achingly human picture . 
0	The story 's pathetic and the gag be puerile . . 
1	Where their head be be anyone 's guess . 
0	The drama be so uninspiring that even a story immerse in love , lust , and sin could n't keep my attention . 
1	Whatever satire Lucky Break be aim for , it certainly get lose in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile . 
4	Will assuredly rank a one of the clever , most deceptively amuse comedy of the year . 
4	Filled with Alexandre Desplat 's haunting and sublime music , the movie completely transfix the audience . 
1	A muted freak-out 
2	Ca n't get enough of libidinous young city dweller ? 
1	This Bond film go off the beaten path , not necessarily for the good . 
2	Mostly Martha could have use a little trimming -- 10 or 15 minute could be cut and no one would notice -- but it 's a pleasurable trifle . 
2	` Would n't it be nice if all guy get a taste of what it 's like on the other side of the bra ? ' 
2	The movie try to be ethereal , but end up seem goofy . 
1	It 's tough to tell which be in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , direct by Scott Kalvert , about street gang and turf war in 1958 Brooklyn -- stale cliche , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo . 
0	Generic thriller junk . 
0	The movie be the equivalent of French hip-hop , which also seem to play on a 10-year delay . 
1	An uneven mix of dark satire and childhood awakening . 
4	Leaping from one arrest image to another , Songs from the Second Floor have all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time . 
1	Nothing about them be attractive . 
1	During The Tuxedo 's 90 minute of screen time , there be n't one true ` Chan moment ' . 
2	A few energetic stunt sequence briefly enliven the film , but the wheezing terrorist subplot have n't the stamen for the 100-minute running time , and the protagonist ' bohemian boorishness mar the spirit of good clean fun . 
2	Highly irritate at first , Mr. Koury 's passive technique eventually begin to yield some interesting result . 
3	A thought-provoking and often-funny drama about isolation . 
3	It 's an interesting effort -LRB- particularly for JFK conspiracy nut -RRB- , and Barry 's cold-fish act make the experience worthwhile . 
3	The mushy finale turn John Q into a movie-of-the-week tearjerker . 
0	A lot of talent be waste in this crass , low-wattage endeavor . 
4	One of the year 's best film , feature an Oscar-worthy performance by Julianne Moore . 
2	Anyone who get chill from movie with giant plot hole will find plenty to shake and shiver about in ` The Ring . ' 
2	Made for teen and review a such , this be recommend only for those under 20 year of age ... and then only a a very mild rental . 
1	The soul-searching deliberateness of the film , although leaven nicely with dry absurdist wit , eventually become too heavy for the plot . 
3	One thing you have to give them credit for : The message of the movie be consistent with the message espouse in the company 's previous video work . 
3	It 's a scorcher . 
4	Spectacular in every sense of the word , even if you don ' t know an Orc from a Uruk-Hai . 
2	Slackers ' jokey approach to college education be disappointingly simplistic -- the film 's big problem -- and there be no unforgettably stupid stunt or uproariously rude line of dialogue to remember it by . 
3	It be OK for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus , if the line work , the humor have point and the actor be humanly engage . 
1	... although this idea be `` new '' the result be tired . 
4	Surprisingly powerful and universal . 
0	Features nonsensical and laughable plotting , wooden performance , ineptly direct action sequence and some of the bad dialogue in recent memory . 
3	It 's weird , wonderful , and not necessarily for kid . 
4	A pleasant piece of escapist entertainment . 
4	The best comedy concert movie I 've see since Cho 's previous concert comedy film , I 'm the One That I Want , in 2000 . 
3	It 's a very sincere work , but it would be well a a diary or documentary . 
4	A touching drama about old age and grief with a tour de force performance by Michel Piccoli . 
3	The film fearlessly get under the skin of the people involve ... This make it not only a detailed historical document , but an engaging and move portrait of a subculture . 
1	You ... get a sense of good intention derail by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone . 
4	That , in itself , be extraordinary . 
1	The Rules of Attraction get u too drink on the party favor to sober u up with the transparent attempt at moralizing . 
2	The movie be gorgeously make , but it be also somewhat shallow and art-conscious . 
4	A classy , sprightly spin on film . 
4	It 's no accident that The Accidental Spy be a solid action pic that return the martial art master to top form . 
3	Everyone should be able to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting . 
3	This story still seem timely and important . 
1	A complete waste of time . 
0	Just plain bad . 
4	It leave little doubt that Kidman have become one of our best actor . 
4	A fascinating documentary that provide a rounded and reveal overview of this ancient holistic healing system 
0	The action scene have all the suspense of a 20-car pileup , while the plot hole be big enough for a train car to drive through -- if Kaos have n't blow them all up . 
4	It be refreshingly undogmatic about it character . 
1	Things really get weird , though not particularly scary : the movie be all portent and no content . 
3	The cast ... keep this pretty watchable , and cast Mick Jagger a director of the escort service be inspire . 
2	Mildly amuse . 
4	Leave it to John Sayles to take on developer , the Chamber of Commerce , tourism , historical pageant , and commercialism all in the same movie ... without neglect character development for even one minute . 
3	One ca n't deny it seriousness and quality . 
2	Any intellectual argument be make about the nature of God be frame in a drama so clumsy , there be a real danger less sophisticated audience will mistake it for an endorsement of the very thing that Bean abhors . 
3	An entertaining mix of period drama and flat-out farce that should please history fan . 
3	What save this deeply affect film from be merely a collection of wrench case be Corcuera 's attention to detail . 
3	From the dull , surreal ache of mortal awareness emerge a radiant character portrait . 
4	Refreshing . 
1	An ill-conceived jumble that 's not scary , not smart and not engage . 
3	This breezy caper movie become a soulful , incisive meditation on the way we be , and the way we be . 
0	Too bad none of it be funny . 
1	While Solondz try and try hard , Storytelling fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket . 
4	Literary purist may not be please , but as far a mainstream matinee-style entertainment go , it do a bang-up job of please the crowd . 
3	But on the whole , you 're gon na like this movie . 
0	For dance completists only . 
2	The movie obviously seek to re-create the excitement of such '50s flick a Jules Verne 's ' 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea ' and the George Pal version of H.G . Wells ' ` The Time Machine . ' 
4	There 's so much to look at in Metropolis you hate to tear your eye away from the image long enough to read the subtitle . 
4	More timely than it director could ever have dream , this quietly lyrical tale probe the ambiguous welcome extend by Iran to the Afghani refugee who stream across it border , desperate for work and food . 
3	What Lee do so marvelously compel be present Brown a a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic America ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of Jim Brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight 
1	The film have a kind of hard , cold effect . 
3	Beneath the film 's obvious determination to shock at any cost lie considerable skill and determination , back by sheer nerve . 
1	But then again , I hate myself most morning . 
0	How about surprising u by try something new ? 
3	Katz 's documentary do n't have much panache , but with material this rich it do n't need it . 
2	Sweet Home Alabama be one dumb movie , but it stupidity be so relentlessly harmless that it almost win you over in the end . 
3	A polished and vastly entertaining caper film that put the sting back into the con . 
2	Most folk with a real stake in the American sexual landscape will find it either moderately amuse or just plain irrelevant . 
3	Even though it 's common knowledge that Park and his founding partner , Yong Kang , lose Kozmo in the end , you ca n't help but get catch up in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth . 
1	This be the kind of movie where people who have never pick a lock do so easily after a few try and become expert fighter after a few week . 
2	When the violence actually shock ? 
3	The extent to which it succeed be impressive . 
2	Too many improbability and rose-colored situation temper what could 've be an impacting film . 
2	Like other great documentary ... this go after one truth -LRB- the Ford administration 's complicity in tear ` orphan ' from their mother -RRB- and stumble upon others even more compelling . 
0	Then again , in a good movie , you might not have notice . 
3	Take nothing seriously and enjoy the ride . 
1	-LRB- Seems -RRB- even more uselessly redundant and shamelessly money-grubbing than most third-rate horror sequel . 
3	Reign of Fire just might go down as one of the all-time great apocalypse movie . 
3	O Fantasma be boldly , confidently orchestrate , aesthetically and sexually , and it impact be deeply and rightly disturb . 
4	It 's soulful and unslick , and that 's apparently just what -LRB- Aniston -RRB- have always need to grow into a movie career . 
2	Entertaining but like shoot fish in a barrel . 
0	The original be n't a good movie but this remake make it look like a masterpiece ! 
2	One of those based-on-truth story that persuade you , with every scene , that it could never really have happen this way . 
3	Not too fancy , not too fill , not too fluffy , but definitely tasty and sweet . 
3	For all the wit and hoopla , Festival In Cannes offer rare insight into the structure of relationship . 
2	The tonal shift be jolt , and though Wen 's message be profound and thoughtfully deliver , more thorough transition would have make the film more cohesive . 
4	It 's all stitch together with energy , intelligence and verve , enhance by a surplus of vintage archive footage . 
2	The soupy end result have the odd distinction of be playful without be fun , too . 
0	Seagal , who look more like Danny Aiello these day , mumble his way through the movie . 
3	The acting , for the most part , be terrific , although the actor must struggle with the fact that they 're play character who sometimes feel more like literary conceit than flesh-and-blood human . 
3	A win piece of work fill with love for the movie of the 1960s . 
3	Though the film be static , it writer-director 's heart be in the right place , his plea for democracy and civic action laudable . 
4	Griffin & Co. manage to be spectacularly outrageous . 
3	Like The English Patient and The Unbearable Lightness of Being , The Hours be one of those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novel that have buck the odds to emerge a an exquisite motion picture in it own right . 
3	`` Auto Focus '' work a an unusual biopic and document of male swinger in the Playboy era 
3	Very amuse , not the usual route in a thriller , and the performance be odd and pixilated and sometimes both . 
3	Max poke , provokes , take expressionistic license and hit a nerve ... as far a art be concern , it 's mission accomplish . 
2	Authentic , and at time endear , humorous , spooky , educational , but at other time as bland a a block of snow . 
4	Yakusho , a always , be wonderful a the long-faced sad sack ... and his chemistry with Shimizu be very believable . 
1	By no mean a slam-dunk and sure to ultimately disappoint the action fan who will be move to the edge of their seat by the dynamic first act , it still come off a a touching , transcendent love story . 
1	All the character be clinically depress and have abandon their slim hope and dream . 
2	At it bad , it 's Rambo - meets-John Ford . 
3	It 's about issue most adult have to face in marriage and I think that 's what I like about it -- the real issue tuck between the silly and crude storyline . 
0	It go on for too long and bog down in a surfeit of character and unnecessary subplots . 
1	Costner 's warm-milk persona be just as ill-fitting a Shadyac 's perfunctory directing chop , and some of the more overtly silly dialogue would sink Laurence Olivier . 
2	Although it do n't always hang together -- violence and whimsy do n't combine easily -- `` Cherish '' certainly be n't dull . 
4	It 's a perfect show of respect to just one of those underrated professional who deserve but rarely receive it . 
0	Further sad evidence that Tom Tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning Run Lola Run , have turn out to be a one-trick pony -- a maker of softheaded metaphysical claptrap . 
1	The screenplay do too much meandering , Norton have to recite bland police procedural detail , Fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distance , Hopkins look like a drag queen . 
3	Plays out with a dogged and eventually win squareness that would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel . 
3	A vivid , sometimes surreal , glimpse into the mystery of human behavior . 
0	A 94-minute travesty of unparalleled proportion , writer-director Parker seem to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labor and unfunny hokum . 
3	Pan Nalin 's exposition be beautiful and mysterious , and the interview that follow , with the practitioner of this ancient Indian practice , be a subtle and a enigmatic . 
2	The innocence of holiday cheer ai n't what it use to be . 
1	Do n't let the subtitle fool you ; the movie only prove that Hollywood no longer have a monopoly on mindless action . 
2	Acting can not be act . 
3	What do n't this film have that an impressionable kid could n't stand to hear ? 
1	A pleasant and engage enough sit , but in try to have the best of both world it end up fall short a a whole . 
3	What save it ... and make it one of the good video-game-based flick , be that the film acknowledge upfront that the plot make no sense , such that the lack of linearity be the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist Alice . 
1	But it 's hardly a necessary enterprise . 
4	The trailer be a riot . 
1	Disappointing in comparison to other recent war movie ... or any other John Woo flick for that matter . 
4	This enthralling documentary ... be at once playful and haunting , an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who be fundamentally unknowable even to his close friend . 
2	Very well make , but do n't generate a lot of tension . 
3	An engaging criminal romp that will have viewer guess just who 's be con right up to the finale . 
3	Directing with a sure and measured hand , -LRB- Haneke -RRB- steer clear of the sensational and offer instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology . 
1	This be a film about the irksome , tiresome nature of complacency that remain utterly satisfy to remain the same throughout . 
3	For the most part , the film do hold up pretty well . 
4	Stands a one of the year 's most intriguing movie experience , let it imagery speak for it while it force you to ponder anew what a movie can be . 
1	Lucy 's a dull girl , that 's all . 
2	While we want MacDowell 's character to retrieve her husband , we have to ask whether her personal odyssey trump the carnage that claim so many life around her . 
4	It may also be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever make . 
1	In the wake of Saving Private Ryan , Black Hawk Down and We Were Soldiers , you be likely to be a heartily sick of mayhem a Cage 's war-weary marine . 
1	The hole in this film remain agape -- hole punch through by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot . 
1	He do n't , however , deliver nearly enough of the show 's trademark style and flash . 
0	-LRB- Hell be -RRB- look down at your watch and realize Serving Sara be n't even halfway through . 
2	Supposedly base upon real , or at least soberly reported incident , the film end with a large human tragedy . 
4	An inventive , absorb movie that 's as hard to classify a it be hard to resist . 
4	A finely tune mood piece , a model of menace atmosphere . 
4	The film be small in scope , yet perfectly form . 
3	Even if Invincible be not quite the career peak that The Pianist be for Roman Polanski , it demonstrate that Werner Herzog can still leave u with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shape history have take . 
2	It 's just a little too self-satisfied . 
2	Slow , dry , poorly cast , but beautifully shot . 
3	A movie that will surely be profane , politically charge music to the ear of Cho 's fan . 
0	... Stylistically , the movie be a disaster . 
1	If routine action and joke like this be your cup of tea , then pay your $ 8 and get ready for the big shear . 
3	This cinema verite speculation on the assassination of John F. Kennedy may have be inspire by Blair Witch , but it take it technique into such fresh territory that the film never feel derivative . 
0	Given too much time to consider the looseness of the piece , the picture begin to resemble the shapeless , grasp actor ' workshop that it be . 
1	Suffers from a flat script and a low budget . 
3	Marshall put a suspenseful spin on standard horror flick formula . 
1	What they 're do be a matter of plumb arrangement and mind game , of no erotic or sensuous charge . 
3	A sloppy , amusing comedy that proceed from a stunningly unoriginal premise . 
1	Each story be build on a potentially interesting idea , but the first two be ruin by amateurish writing and acting , while the third feel limit by it short running time . 
1	At three hour and with very little story or character development , there be plenty of room for edit , and a much short cut surely would have result in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrifice any of the cultural intrigue . 
4	Manages to be both hugely entertaining and uplifting . 
0	Instead of let the laughs come a they may , Lawrence unleash his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick . 
0	The Paradiso 's rusted-out ruin and ultimate collapse during the film 's final -LRB- restore -RRB- third ... emotionally belittle a cinema classic . 
1	It 's quite diverting nonsense . 
1	Witless and utterly pointless . 
2	Tsai have manage to create an underplayed melodrama about family dynamic and dysfunction that hark back to the spare , unchecked heartache of Yasujiro Ozu . 
3	The more you think about the movie , the more you will probably like it . 
1	The director seem to take an unseemly pleasure in -LRB- the character ' -RRB- misery and at the same time to congratulate himself for have the gut to confront it . 
3	It 's secondary to American Psycho but still have claw enough to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hour . 
2	At it bad the screenplay be callow , but at it best it be a young artist 's thoughtful consideration of fatherhood . 
2	The film 's best trick be the way that it treat conspiracy a a kind of political Blair Witch , a monstrous murk that haunt u precisely because it can never be see . 
4	This be an extraordinary film , not least because it be Japanese and yet feels universal . 
2	And that hold true for both the movie and the title character play by Brendan Fraser . 
0	Forages for audience sympathy like a temperamental child beg for attention , give audience no reason to truly care for it decrepit freak beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining . 
1	Too smart to ignore but a little too smugly superior to like , this could be a movie that end up slap it target audience in the face by shoot itself in the foot . 
3	It 's neither as sappy a Big Daddy nor as anarchic a Happy Gilmore or The Waterboy , but it have it moment . 
1	Although I do n't hate this one , it 's not very good either . 
3	Well-made but mush-hearted . 
4	Fun and nimble . 
3	Unfolds in a series of achronological vignette whose cumulative effect be chill . 
3	Sitting in the third row of the IMAX cinema at Sydney 's Darling Harbour , but I sometimes felt a though I be in the tiny two seater plane that carry the giant camera around Australia , sweep and glide , banking and hovering over some of the most not 
1	Just a Kiss be a just a waste . 
3	The gag be often a stitch . 
3	Captivates a it show excess in business and pleasure , allow u to find the small , human moment , and leave off with a grand whimper . 
1	Piccoli 's performance be amazing , yes , but the symbol of loss and denial and life-at-arm 's - length in the film seem irritatingly transparent . 
2	For single digit kidlets Stuart Little 2 be still a no brainer . 
3	Beyond the cleverness , the weirdness and the pristine camerawork , One Hour Photo be a sobering meditation on why we take picture . 
4	Dramas like this make it human . 
3	A very good film sits in the place where a masterpiece should be . 
2	The Country Bears have no scene that will upset or frighten young viewer . 
2	The 70-year-old Godard have become , to judge from In Praise of Love , the sort of bitter old crank who sit behind his light meter and harangue the supposed injustice of the artistic world-at-large without do all that much to correct them . 
1	An ambitious , guilt-suffused melodrama cripple by poor casting . 
3	Constantly touch , surprisingly funny , semi-surrealist exploration of the creative act . 
4	Impossible a it may sound , this film 's heart be even more embracing than Monty , if only because it accept nasty behavior and severe flaw a part of the human condition . 
1	Director Yu seem far more interested in gross-out humor than in show u well-thought stunt or a car chase that we have n't see 10,000 time . 
2	Just a Kiss want desperately to come off a a fanciful film about the typical problem of average people . 
2	Dodgy mixture of cutesy romance , dark satire and murder mystery . 
0	Cox offer plenty of glimpse at exist photo , but there be no movie of Nijinsky , so instead the director treat u to an aimless hodgepodge . 
4	... a true delight . 
3	Cinematic poetry showcases the city 's old-world charm before machine change nearly everything . 
0	The performance be so overstated , the effect come off a self-parody . 
4	The production have be make with an enormous amount of affection , so we believe these character love each other . 
1	The movie end with outtake in which most of the character forget their line and just utter ` uhhh , ' which be good than most of the writing in the movie . 
3	Frei assemble a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remain surprisingly idealistic , and retain an extraordinary faith in the ability of image to communicate the truth of the world around him . 
3	A moving , if uneven , success . 
3	Jeong-Hyang Lee 's film be deceptively simple , deeply satisfy . 
3	Yes . 
1	Every note ring false . 
2	An extraordinarily silly thriller . 
1	A seriously bad film with seriously warp logic by writer-director Kurt Wimmer at the screenplay level . 
4	A work of extraordinary journalism , but it be also a work of deft and subtle poetry . 
3	Kids who be into this Thornberry stuff will probably be in wedgie heaven . 
3	An ingenious and often harrowing look at damage people and how family can offer either despair or consolation . 
3	A literary detective story be still a detective story and aficionado of the whodunit wo n't be disappoint . 
0	Cinematic poo . 
2	As we have come to learn -- a many time a we have finger to count on -- Jason be a killer who do n't know the meaning of the word ` quit . ' 
1	Director George Hickenlooper have have some success with documentary , but here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad , and his maudlin end might not have get him into film school in the first place . 
3	The film be fill with humorous observation about the general absurdity of modern life a see through the eye outsider , but deftly manage to avoid many of the condescend stereotype that so often plague film deal with the mentally ill . 
0	So putrid it be not worth the price of the match that should be use to burn every print of the film . 
0	It 's a if De Palma spend an hour set a fancy table and then serve up Kraft Macaroni and Cheese . 
4	Morvern rock . 
2	Shanghai Ghetto should be applaud for find a new angle on a tireless story , but you might want to think twice before booking passage . 
1	In old-fashioned screenwriting parlance , Ms. Shreve 's novel prove too difficult a text to ` lick , ' despite the effort of a first-rate cast . 
2	I ca n't remember the last time I saw an audience laugh so much during a movie , but there 's only one problem ... it 's suppose to be a drama . 
3	A treat for it depiction on not give up on dream when you 're a struggle nobody . 
3	The obnoxious title character provide the drama that give add clout to this doc . 
0	Not only do the thoroughly formulaic film represent totally exemplify middle-of-the-road mainstream , it also represent glossy Hollywood at it lazy . 
1	If you 've get a house full of tot -- do n't worry , this will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then . 
1	This be rote drivel aim at Mom and Dad 's wallet . 
2	Bisset deliver a game performance , but she be unable to save the movie . 
2	Analyze That regurgitate and water down many of the previous film 's success , with a few new swing throw in . 
2	It depend on how well flatulence gags fit into your holiday concept . 
3	Not as good a The Full Monty , but a really strong second effort . 
2	A penetrating glimpse into the tissue-thin ego of the stand-up comic . 
0	The whole mess boil down to a transparently hypocritical work that feel a though it 's try to set the woman 's liberation movement back 20 year . ' 
4	If you like quirky , odd movie and\/or the ironic , here 's a fun one . 
4	Laced with liberal dos of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performance , No Such Thing be a fascinating little tale . 
4	A captivating and intimate study about die and loving ... 
2	We get light shower of emotion a couple of time , but then -- strangely -- these wane to an inconsistent and ultimately unsatisfying drizzle . 
3	Enjoyably dumb , sweet , and intermittently hilarious -- if you 've a taste for the quirky , steal a glimpse . 
1	Schneidermeister ... Makin ' a fool of himself ... Losin ' his fan base ... 
1	Nicks and Steinberg match their own creation for pure venality -- that 's give it the old college try . 
3	It 's an effort to watch this movie , but it eventually pay off and be effective if you stick with it . 
0	Unfortunately , Kapur modernize A.E.W . Mason 's story to suit the sensibility of a young American , a decision that pluck `` The Four Feathers '' bare . 
1	Who , exactly , be fight whom here ? 
2	A melancholy , emotional film . 
3	This ready-made midnight movie probably wo n't stand the cold light of day , but under the right condition , it 's goofy -LRB- if not entirely wholesome -RRB- fun . 
0	Rarely have a film 's title serve such dire warning . 
3	A bittersweet film , simple in form but rich with human event . 
3	A delightful stimulus for the optic nerve , so much that it 's forgivable that the plot feel like every other tale of a totalitarian tomorrow . 
1	Is n't it a bit early in his career for director Barry Sonnenfeld to do a homage to himself ? 
4	A breathtaking adventure for all age , Spirit tell it poignant and uplifting story in a stunning fusion of music and image . 
4	More concerned with overall feeling , broad idea , and open-ended question than concrete story and definitive answer , Soderbergh 's Solaris be a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem . 
1	Feels like piece a bunch of other , good movie slap together . 
0	Maybe you 'll be lucky , and there 'll be a power outage during your screen so you can get your money back . 
2	Jones help breathe some life into the insubstantial plot , but even he be overwhelm by predictability . 
3	The spaniel-eyed Jean Reno infuse Hubert with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure of tenderness require to give this comic slugfest some heart . 
0	Imagine O. Henry 's The Gift of the Magi relocate to the scuzzy underbelly of NYC 's drug scene . 
3	Ash Wednesday be not Edward Burns ' best film , but it be a good and ambitious film . 
0	It 's a feel-bad end for a depressing story that throw a bunch of hot-button item in the viewer 's face and ask to be see a hip , wink social commentary . 
1	Lan Yu seem altogether too slight to be call any kind of masterpiece . 
1	Woody , what happen ? 
3	Like it New England character , most of whom wander about in thick cloud of denial , the movie eventually get around to it real emotional business , strike deep chord of sadness . 
1	A film which press familiar Herzog tropes into the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction , when really what we demand of the director be to be mesmerise . 
3	It be a likable story , tell with competence . 
1	If The Tuxedo actually be a suit , it would fit Chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special . 
1	The film be grossly contradictory in convey it social message , if indeed there be one . 
1	One long , numbing action sequence make up mostly of routine stuff Yuen have give u before . 
2	Oliveira seem to pursue silent film representation with every mournful composition . 
3	Ratliff 's two previous title , Plutonium Circus and Purgatory County show his penchant for wry , contentious configuration , and this film be part of that delicate canon . 
2	Sandra Bullock 's best dramatic performance to date -LRB- be -RRB- almost enough to lift -LRB- this -RRB- thrill-kill cat-and-mouser ... above it paint-by-numbers plot . 
0	It might not be 1970s animation , but everything else about it be straight from the Saturday morning cartoon -- a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness . 
0	Soulless and -- even more damning -- virtually joyless , XXX achieve near virtuosity in it crapulence . 
3	The location go from stark desert to gorgeous beach . 
1	Its appeal will probably limit to LDS Church member and undemanding armchair tourist . 
1	It follow the Blair Witch formula for an hour , in which we 're told something creepy and vague be in the work , and then it go awry in the final 30 minute . 
3	Does an impressive job of relate the complicated history of the war and of fill in the background . 
3	Rich in atmosphere of the post-war art world , it manage to instruct without reek of research library dust . 
1	Just a string of stale gag , with no good inside dope , and no particular bite . 
3	Tres Greek writer and star Nia Vardalos have craft here a worldly-wise and very funny script . 
2	Summer 's far too fleeting to squander on offal like this . 
1	Baran be shockingly devoid of your typical Majid Majidi shoe-loving , cripple child . 
3	After one get the feeling that the typical Hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism be at work here , it 's a matter of find entertainment in the experience of Zishe and the fiery presence of Hanussen . 
2	Post 9\/11 the philosophical message of `` Personal Freedom First '' might not be as palatable a intend . 
0	Slap me , I saw this movie . 
1	The movie be like Scorsese 's Mean Streets redone by someone who ignore it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperback with title like Leather Warriors and Switchblade Sexpot . 
1	The film 's maudlin focus on the young woman 's infirmity and her naive dreams play like the bad kind of Hollywood heart-string plucking . 
3	Maryam be more timely now than ever . 
1	A feel-good movie that do n't give you enough to feel good about . 
3	The Ring never let you off the hook . 
1	Like most movie about the pitfall of bad behavior ... Circuit get draw into the party . 
2	The filmmaker ascend , literally , to the Olympus of the art world , but he would have do well to end this flaw , dazzle series with the raising of something other than his own cremaster . 
0	The heedless impetuousness of youth be on full , irritate display in -LRB- this -RRB- meandering and pointless French coming-of-age import from writer-director Anne-Sophie Birot . 
1	The Sum of All Fears be remarkably fuddle about motif and context , which drain it of the dramatic substance that would shake u in our boot -LRB- or cinema seat -RRB- . 
1	Low rent from frame one . 
3	The film fit into a genre that have be overexpose , redolent of a thousand cliche , and yet remain uniquely itself , vibrant with originality . 
0	The most repugnant adaptation 
0	Glazed with a tawdry B-movie scum . 
0	A decided lack of spontaneity in it execution and a dearth of real poignancy in it epiphany . 
2	Comedy troupe Broken Lizard 's first movie be very funny but too concerned with give u a plot . 
3	If you 're willing to have fun with it , you wo n't feel cheat by the high infidelity of Unfaithful . 
1	If you want a movie time trip , the 1960 version be a far smooth ride . 
3	Filmmakers David Weissman and Bill Weber benefit enormously from the Cockettes ' camera craziness -- not only do they film performance , but they do the same at home . 
2	Benigni present himself a the boy puppet Pinocchio , complete with recede hairline , weather countenance and American Breckin Meyer 's ridiculously inappropriate Valley Boy voice . 
1	Will anyone who be n't a Fangoria subscriber be excite that it have n't go straight to video ? 
2	Most of the character come off a pantomimesque sterotypes . 
4	A gripping drama . 
4	Darkly funny and frequently insightful . 
1	A spooky yarn of demonic doings on the high sea that work well the less the brain be engage . 
1	The only young people who possibly will enjoy it be infant ... who might be distract by the movie 's quick movement and sound . 
1	Sayles ... once again strand his superb performer in the same old story . 
3	An unforgettable look at morality , family , and social expectation through the prism of that omnibus tradition call marriage . 
4	Weaver and LaPaglia be both excellent , in the kind of low-key way that allow u to forget that they be actually movie folk . 
4	smart , funny and just honest enough to provide the pleasure of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - Broadway play . 
0	This be an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with it elbow stick out where the knee should be . 
2	For a debut film , Skin of Man , Heart of Beast feel unusually assure . 
0	It suck . 
1	But how it wash out despite all of that be the project 's prime mystery . 
3	As broad and cartoonish a the screenplay be , there be an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , Frank Novak , that keep the film ground in an undeniable social realism . 
3	-LRB- `` Take Care of My Cat '' -RRB- be an honestly nice little film that take u on an examination of young adult life in urban South Korea through the heart and mind of the five principal . 
1	More successful at relate history than in create an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfy heroine 
1	Imagine the CleanFlicks version of ` Love Story , ' with Ali MacGraw 's profanity replace by romance-novel platitude . 
1	... build on the premise that middle-class Arkansas consist of monster truck-loving good ol ' boy and peroxide blond honey whose worldly knowledge come from TV rerun and supermarket tabloid . 
0	Oversexed , at time overwrought comedy\/drama that offer little insight into the experience of be forty , female and single . 
3	Cho continue her exploration of the outer limit of raunch with considerable brio . 
3	Even if you do n't know the band or the album 's song by heart , you will enjoy see how both evolve , and you will also learn a good deal about the state of the music business in the 21st Century . 
3	An off-beat and fanciful film about the human need for monster to blame for all that be amiss in the world . 
4	The fun of the movie be the chance it afford to watch Jackson , who also serve a executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad . 
2	The power of this script , and the performance that come with it , be that the whole damned thing do n't get our moral hackle up . 
3	A sharp satire of desperation and cinematic deception . 
1	Stale , futile scenario . 
1	With a tone as variable a the cinematography , Schaeffer 's film never settle into the light-footed enchantment the material need , and the character ' quirk and foible never jell into charm . 
3	`` Frailty '' have be write so well , that even a simple `` Goddammit ! '' 
1	Feels familiar and tired . 
2	Despite the hole in the story and the somewhat predictable plot , moment of the movie cause me to jump in my chair ... 
4	Runs on the pure adrenalin of Pacino 's performance . 
0	Borstal Boy represent the bad kind of filmmaking , the kind that pretend to be passionate and truthful but be really frustratingly timid and soggy . 
3	Mr. Scorsese 's bravery and integrity in advance this vision can hardly be underestimate . 
1	The movie be a mess from start to finish . 
4	A distinguish and thoughtful film , mark by acute writing and a host of splendid performance . 
4	Demonstrates the unusual power of thoughtful , subjective filmmaking . 
0	In other word , about a bad a film you 're likely to see all year . 
4	A fine production with splendid singing by Angela Gheorghiu , Ruggero Raimondi , and Roberto Alagna . 
2	The most ill-conceived animated comedy since the 1991 dog Rover Dangerfield . 
3	Even during the climactic hourlong cricket match , boredom never take hold . 
2	Aptly name , this shimmering , beautifully costume and film production do n't work for me . 
0	An unremittingly ugly movie to look at , listen to , and think about , it be quite possibly the sturdy example yet of why the DV revolution have cheapen the artistry of make a film . 
2	Meant for Star Wars fan . 
0	It 's that painful . 
1	The film , like Jimmy 's routine , could use a few good laugh . 
4	Highly watchable stuff . 
2	The faithful will enjoy this sometimes wry adaptation of V.S . Naipaul 's novel , but newcomer may find themselves stifle a yawn or two during the first hour . 
3	`` Sweet Home Alabama '' be what it be -- a nice , harmless date film ... 
2	It 's not difficult to spot the culprit early-on in this predictable thriller . 
2	I find myself like the film , though in this case one man 's treasure could prove to be another man 's garbage . 
0	Diaz wear out her welcome in her most charmless performance 
3	The script manage the rare trick of seem at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar . 
3	It 's a clear-eyed portrait of an intensely lived time , fill with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainty . 
4	an admirable , sometimes exceptional film 
1	A mediocre exercise in target demographic , unaware that it 's the butt of it own joke . 
4	Well cast and well direct - a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit to keep it from be maudlin . 
2	This big screen caper have a good bark , far from be a bow-wow . 
2	The doofus-on - the-loose banter of Welcome to Collinwood have a cocky , after-hours loopiness to it . 
0	The comedy be nonexistent . 
3	The first Bond movie in age that be n't fake fun . 
1	A wretched movie that reduce the Second World War to one man 's quest to find an old flame . 
3	Death to Smoochy be often very funny , but what 's even more remarkable be the integrity of DeVito 's misanthropic vision . 
4	Armed with a game support cast , from the pitch-perfect Forster to the always hilarious Meara and Levy , Like Mike shoot and score , do it namesake proud . 
3	Claire be a terrific role for someone like Judd , who really ought to be play villain . 
1	Too bad Kramer could n't make a guest appearance to liven thing up . 
1	If Hill be n't quite his generation 's Don Siegel -LRB- or Robert Aldrich -RRB- , it 's because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair ; 
2	But you 'd never guess that from the performance . 
3	Cannon 's confidence and laid-back good spirit be , with the drum routine , among the film 's saving grace . 
3	The movie be hardly a masterpiece , but it do mark Ms. Bullock 's best work in some time . 
3	The film become an overwhelming pleasure , and you find yourself root for Gai 's character to avoid the fate that have befall every other Carmen before her . 
1	Nearly all the fundamental you take for grant in most film be mishandle here . 
3	-LRB- Clooney 's -RRB- debut can be accuse of be a bit undisciplined , but it have a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor that suggest he be influence by some of the filmmaker who have direct him , especially the Coen brother and Steven Soderbergh . 
2	The pitch must have read like a discarded House Beautiful spread . 
2	Go . 
2	For free . 
3	Bring tissue . 
1	The Piano Teacher be not an easy film . 
0	By the time you reach the finale , you 're likely wonder why you 've be watch all this strutting and posturing . 
1	Lawrence should stick to his day job . 
2	Sparkles in it deft portrait of Tinseltown 's seasoned veteran of gossip , wealth , paranoia , and celebrityhood . 
2	Sex With Strangers will shock many with it unblinking frankness . 
2	Plays like a checklist of everything Rob Reiner and his cast be send up . 
3	This movie have the usual impossible stunt ... But it have just as many scene that be lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie . 
1	As if Drop Dead Gorgeous be n't enough , this equally derisive clunker be fixate on the spectacle of small-town competition . 
0	It 's a drag how Nettelbeck see work woman -- or at least this work woman -- for whom she show little understanding . 
0	Such a bad movie that it lucky viewer will be seat next to one of those ignorant pinhead who talk throughout the show . 
4	Promises be one film that 's truly deserving of it Oscar nomination . 
2	`` 13 Conversations '' hold it goodwill close , but be relatively slow to come to the point . 
3	some good , organic character work , lot of obvious political insight and 
1	Such a wildly uneven hit-and-miss enterprise , you ca n't help suspect that it be improvise on a day-to-day basis during production . 
3	The star may be college kid , but the subject matter be as adult a you can get : the temptation of the flesh be unleash by a slightly craze , overtly determine young woman and a one-night swim turn into an ocean of trouble . 
3	, `` They 're out there ! '' 
0	In the end , there be n't much to it . 
1	It make me feel weird \/ Thinking about all the bad thing in the world \/ Like puppy with broken leg \/ And butterfly that die \/ And movie star pop queen 
0	Collapses after 30 minute into a slap-happy series of adolescent violence . 
1	What start off a a satisfying kid flck becomes increasingly implausible a it race through contrive plot point . 
3	It 's absolutely amazing how first-time director Kevin Donovan manage to find something new to add to the canon of Chan . 
4	Really quite funny . 
3	Prepare to marvel again . 
3	It 's definitely an improvement on the first Blade , since it do n't take itself so deadly seriously . 
4	But mostly it 's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , capture a life interestingly live . 
4	Brash , intelligent and erotically perplexing , Haneke 's portrait of an upper class Austrian society and the suppression of it tuck away demon be uniquely felt with a sardonic jolt . 
3	Succeeds a a well-made evocation of a subculture . 
2	It may not be history -- but then again , what if it be ? 
4	A backstage must-see for true fan of comedy . 
4	Allen 's funny and most likeable movie in year . 
1	Medem may have disrobe most of the cast , leave their body expose , but the plot remain as guard a a virgin with a chastity belt . 
2	Well-meaning but inert . 
1	An inconsequential , barely there bit of piffle . 
2	Do you chuckle at the thought of an ancient librarian whack a certain part of a man 's body ? 
3	How good this film might be , depend if you believe that the shocking conclusion be too much of a plunge or not . 
1	For something as splendid-looking a this particular film , the viewer expect something special but instead get -LRB- sci-fi -RRB- rehash . 
4	With Dirty Deeds , David Caesar have step into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- drive by a natural sense for what work on screen . 
4	But the talented cast alone will keep you watch , a will the fight scene . 
3	If we sometimes need comfort fantasy about mental illness , we also need movie like Tim McCann 's Revolution No . 9 . 
4	One of the fine , most humane and important Holocaust movie ever make . 
3	Cage make an unusual but pleasantly haunt debut behind the camera . 
3	... flat-out amusing , sometimes endear and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy character , delicious dialogue and a wide supply of effective sight gag . 
3	Two tedious act light on great scare and a good surprise end . 
3	Japanese director Shohei Imamura 's late film be an odd but ultimately satisfying blend of the sophomoric and the sublime . 
3	It 's a treat watch Shaw , a British stage icon , melt under the heat of Phocion 's attention . 
0	Rifkin no doubt fancy himself something of a Hubert Selby Jr. , but there be n't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script ; it 's simply crude and unrelentingly exploitative . 
0	A chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that it tagline should be : ` In space , no one can hear you snore . ' 
3	Just offbeat enough to keep you interested without come close to bowl you over . 
2	Unofficially , National Lampoon 's Van Wilder be Son of Animal House . 
1	Lurid and less than lucid work . 
1	Deuces Wild tread heavily into Romeo and Juliet\/West Side Story territory , where it plainly have no business go . 
2	The isolated moment of creative insanity finally be lose in the thin soup of canned humor . 
3	Hollywood Ending be not show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly witty nonetheless . 
0	If there 's a heaven for bad movie , Deuces Wild be on it way . 
2	Call this The Full Monty on ice , the underdog sport team formula redux . 
1	Ever see one of those comedy that just seem like a bad idea from frame one ? 
1	Despite it sincere acting , Signs be just another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy end and lot of hype . 
3	A manically generous Christmas vaudeville . 
1	It 's a if Allen , at 66 , have stop challenge himself . 
1	Mendes still do n't quite know how to fill a frame . 
1	Some movie be make for the big screen , some for the small screen , and some , like Ballistic : Ecks vs . Sever , be make for the palm screen . 
3	While the filmmaking may be a bit disjointed , the subject matter be so fascinating that you wo n't care . 
2	Still , not every low-budget movie must be quirky or bleak , and a happy end be no cinematic sin . 
0	The movie be a desperate miscalculation . 
1	the film do n't sustain it initial promise with a jarring , new-agey tone creep into the second half 
1	It irritate and sadden me that Martin Lawrence 's late vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screen while something of Bubba Ho-Tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languish on a shelf somewhere . 
2	If Reno be to the left of liberal on the political spectrum , her tough , funny , rather chaotic show be n't subversive so much a it be nit-picky about the hypocrisy of our time . 
2	A tedious parable about honesty and good sportsmanship . 
2	Draggin ' about dragon 
1	Pap invest in undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stab at existentialism reminding of the discovery of the wizard of God in the fifth Trek flick . 
4	Kinnear and Dafoe give what may be the performance of their career . 
1	It 's difficult to feel anything much while watch this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detach pleasure at the acting . 
1	Like be able to hit on a 15-year old when you 're over 100 . 
0	The thought of watch this film with an audience full of teenager fixate on it body humour and reinforcement of stereotype -LRB- of which they 'll get plenty -RRB- fill me with revulsion . 
1	There 's not a fresh idea at the core of this tale . 
3	It be only a matter of time before some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of Bullock Bubble and Hugh Goo . 
4	But Mr. Polanski create image even more haunting than those in Mr. Spielberg 's 1993 classic . 
1	A mimetic approximation of good film 
3	The close thing to the experience of space travel 
1	This would have be good than the fiction it have concoct , and there still could have be room for the war scene . 
4	Director Charles Stone III apply more detail to the film 's music than to the story line ; what 's best about Drumline be it energy . 
3	If you can read the subtitle -LRB- the opera be sing in Italian -RRB- and you like ` Masterpiece Theatre ' type costume , you 'll enjoy this movie . 
4	`` Frailty '' start out like a typical Bible killer story , but it turn out to be significantly different -LRB- and good -RRB- than most film with this theme . 
4	Diane Lane work nothing short of a minor miracle in Unfaithful . 
4	A mix of gritty realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion that effortlessly draw you in . 
3	If you love read and\/or poetry , then by all mean check it out . 
2	Did it move me to care about what happen in 1915 Armenia ? 
3	A highly watchable , giggly little story with a sweet edge to it . 
2	Quelle surprise ! 
0	The film 's trailer also look like crap , so crap be what I be expect . 
2	The big problem with this movie be that it 's not nearly long enough . 
2	The movie , while beautiful , feel labor , with a hint of the writing exercise about it . 
3	Unexpected , and often contradictory , truths emerge . 
3	One of the best of a grow strain of dare film ... that argue that any sexual relationship that do n't hurt anyone and work for it participant be a relationship that be worthy of our respect . 
3	A film with a great premise but only a great premise . 
1	One of those so-so film that could have be much well . 
1	Normally , Rohmer 's talky film fascinate me , but when he move his setting to the past , and relies on a historical text , he lose the richness of characterization that make his film so memorable . 
2	Circuit queen wo n't learn a thing , they 'll be too busy curse the film 's strategically place white sheet . 
4	LaBute 's careful handling make the material seem genuine rather than pander . 
2	Tom Green and an Ivy League college should never appear together on a marquee , especially when the payoff be an unschooled comedy like Stealing Harvard , which fail to keep 80 minute from seem like 800 . 
1	The great pity be that those responsible do n't cut their loss -- and ours -- and retitle it The Adventures of Direct-to-Video Nash , and send it to it proper home . 
4	A film that begin with the everyday life of naval personnel in San Diego and end with scene so true and heartbreaking that tear well up in my eye both time I saw the film . 
1	There 's a little violence and lot of sex in a bid to hold our attention , but it grow monotonous after a while , a do Joan and Philip 's repetitive argument , scheme and treachery . 
3	make Eddie Murphy a movie star and the man have n't age a day . 
3	Even when he 's not at his most critically insightful , Godard can still be smart than any 50 other filmmaker still at work . 
1	But , like Silence , it 's a movie that get under your skin . 
2	Wanker Goths be on the loose ! 
1	It sound like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss , and that 's more or less how it play out . 
4	A must for fan of British cinema , if only because so many titan of the industry be along for the ride . 
4	It 's a fine , focused piece of work that reopen an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism . 
4	Romantic comedy and Dogme 95 filmmaking may seem odd bedfellow , but they turn out to be delightfully compatible here . 
1	At a time when we 've learn the hard way just how complex international terrorism be , Collateral Damage paint an absurdly simplistic picture . 
4	A fascinating documentary about the long and eventful spiritual journey of the guru who help launch the New Age . 
3	Rodriguez have the chop of a smart-aleck film school brat and the imagination of a big kid ... 
0	The film 's lack of personality permeate all it aspect -- from the TV movie-esque , affect child act to the dull Irish pub scene ever film . 
1	Eight Legged Freaks wo n't join the pantheon of great monster\/science fiction flick that we have come to love ... 
3	There be a beautiful , ache sadness to it all . 
2	Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets be deja vu all over again , and while that be a cliche , nothing could be more appropriate . 
3	The kind of primal storytelling that George Lucas can only dream of . 
1	The actor must indeed be good to recite some of this laughable dialogue with a straight face . 
1	Stress ` dumb . ' 
3	In question the election process , Payami graphically illustrate the problem of fledgling democracy , but also the strength and sense of freedom the Iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box . 
1	While the film be competent , it 's also uninspired , lack the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond it formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspire . 
3	It work well enough , since the thrill pop up frequently , and the dispatching of the cast be as often imaginative a it be gory . 
4	The hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth Bullock and the nonchalant Grant prove to be sensational , and everything mesh in this elegant entertainment . 
2	Norton hold the film together . 
0	There 's not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue . 
4	The film brilliantly shin on all the character , a the direction be intelligently accomplish . 
4	A delightful surprise because despite all the backstage drama , this be a movie that tell story that work -- be charming , be move , be funny and look professional . 
1	... the maudlin way it story unfolds suggest a director fight against the urge to sensationalize his material . 
0	too many scenario in which the hero might have an opportunity to triumphantly sermonize , and too few that allow u to wonder for ourselves if thing will turn out okay . 
2	A flawed film but an admirable one that try to immerse u in a world of artistic abandon and political madness and very nearly succeed . 
1	It would n't matter so much that this arrogant Richard Pryor wannabe 's routine be offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it be at least funny . 
1	The maker of Mothman Prophecies succeed in produce that most frightening of all movie -- a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad . 
0	Epps have neither the charisma nor the natural affability that have make Tucker a star . 
0	Given the fact that virtually no one be bind to show up at theatre for it , the project should have be make for the tube . 
3	I be not generally a huge fan of cartoon derive from TV show , but Hey Arnold ! 
4	This be a fascinating film because there be no clear-cut hero and no all-out villain . 
3	Rehearsals be frequently more fascinating than the result . 
2	The dark and bittersweet twist feel strange a thing turn nasty and tragic during the final third of the film . 
2	The film thrust the inchoate but already eldritch Christian Right propaganda machine into national medium circle . 
3	The engagingly primitive animate special effect contribute to a mood that 's sustain through the surprisingly somber conclusion . 
1	Hip-hop prison thriller of stupefy absurdity . 
1	be a question for philosopher , not filmmaker ; all the filmmaker need to do be engage an audience . 
0	If you enjoy be reward by a script that assume you be n't very bright , then Blood Work be for you . 
3	Nair do n't treat the issue lightly . 
3	By and large this be Mr. Kilmer 's movie , and it 's his strong performance since The Doors . 
3	This masterfully calibrated psychological thriller thrives on it taut performance and creepy atmosphere even if the screenplay fall somewhat short . 
3	The charming result be Festival in Cannes . 
2	`` Home Movie '' be the film equivalent of a lovingly render coffee table book . 
1	Cherry Orchard be badly edit , often awkwardly direct and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence design to give some of the character a ` back story . ' 
2	Though excessively tiresome , The Uncertainty Principle , a verbally pretentious a the title may be , have it handful of redeem feature , as long a you discount it ability to bore . 
2	So brisk be Wang 's pacing that none of the excellent cast be give air to breathe . 
2	The only time 8 Crazy Nights come close to hit a comedic or satirical target be during the offbeat musical number . 
4	Me Without You have a bracing truth that 's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding picture like Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood . 
3	Some of the most ravaging , gut-wrenching , frightening war scene since `` Saving Private Ryan '' have be recreate by John Woo in this little-known story of Native Americans and their role in the second great war . 
0	... a plotline that 's as lumpy a two-day old porridge ... the filmmaker ' paw , sad to say , be all over this `` un-bear-able '' project ! 
1	The story have some nice twist but the end and some of the back-story be a little tired . 
1	There 's no excuse for follow up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish . 
1	On top of a foundering performance , -LRB- Madonna 's -RRB- deny her own athleticism by light that emphasize every line and sag . 
3	Shiner can certainly go the distance , but be n't world championship material 
4	The film be bright and flashy in all the right way . 
3	If anything , see it for Karen Black , who camp up a storm a a fringe feminist conspiracy theorist name Dirty Dick . 
4	The AAA of action , XXX be a blast of adrenalin , rat EEE for excitement . 
0	What remain be a variant of the nincompoop Benigni persona , here a more annoying , though less angry version of the irresponsible Sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of Road Trip . 
4	A well-done film of a self-reflexive , philosophical nature . 
3	An old-fashioned scary movie , one that rely on linger terror punctuate by sudden shock and not constant bloodshed punctuate by fly gut . 
2	Although melodramatic and predictable , this romantic comedy explore the friendship between five Filipino-Americans and their frantic effort to find love . 
0	Nothing stick , really , except a linger creepiness one feel from be drag through a sad , sordid universe of gun , drug , avarice and damage dream . 
4	Brosnan give a portrayal a solid and as perfect a his outstanding performance a Bond in Die Another Day . 
2	Goes a long way on hedonistic gusto . 
3	Thirteen Conversations About One Thing lay out a narrative puzzle that interweave individual story , and , like a Mobius strip , elliptically loop back to where it begin . 
1	I 'm sure there 's a teenage boy out there somewhere who 's die for this kind of entertainment . 
1	The acting be just fine , but there 's not enough substance here to sustain interest for the full 90 minute , especially with the weak payoff . 
1	The first hour be tedious though Ford and Neeson capably hold our interest , but it just not a thrilling movie . 
3	Steven Soderbergh 's digital video experiment be a clever and cutting , quick and dirty look at modern living and movie life . 
0	Weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling and flat acting . 
1	Sheridan have a wonderful account to work from , but , curiously , he water it down , turn grit and vulnerability into light reading . 
0	No amount of arty theorizing -- the special effect be ` German-Expressionist , ' accord to the press note -- can render it anything but laughable . 
1	What go on for the 110 minute of `` Panic Room '' be a battle of witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and an even less capable trio of criminal . 
1	Illiterate , often inert sci-fi action thriller . 
4	When compare to the usual , more somber festival entry , Davis ' highly personal brand of romantic comedy be a tart , smart breath of fresh air that stand out from the pack even if the picture itself be somewhat problematic . 
3	The best thing about the movie be it personable , amusing cast . 
3	Inherently caustic and oddly whimsical , the film chime in on the grieving process and strangely draw the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricity that be attach to the concept of loss . 
2	Heaven be a haunting dramatization of a couple 's moral ascension . 
0	Haneke 's script -LRB- from Elfriede Jelinek 's novel -RRB- be contrive , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive , with an inconclusive end . 
3	With an expressive face reminiscent of Gong Li and a vivid personality like Zhang Ziyi 's , Dong stake out the emotional heart of Happy . 
4	A modestly make but profoundly moving documentary . 
3	Fred Schepisi 's tale of four Englishmen face the prospect of their own mortality view youthful affluence not a a lost ideal but a starting point . 
4	It be , however , a completely honest , open-hearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it . 
0	Movies like High Crimes flog the dead horse of surprise a if it be an obligation . 
1	A zippy 96 minute of mediocre special effect , hoary dialogue , flux accent , and -- bad of all -- silly-looking Morlocks . 
1	The movie do n't generate a lot of energy . 
1	One of those decades-spanning historical epic that strive to be intimate and socially encompass but fails to do justice to either effort in three hour of screen time . 
3	A captivatingly quirky hybrid of character portrait , romantic comedy and beat-the-clock thriller . 
1	The plot be plaster with one Hollywood cliche after another , most of which involve precocious kid get the good of obnoxious adult . 
3	I like all four of the lead actor a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laugh out of the material , but they 're tread water at best in this forgettable effort . 
0	Loud , chaotic and largely unfunny . 
1	Abandon spend 90 minute try figure out whether or not some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid have intentionally leave college or be kill . 
1	The script be a disaster , with cloy message and irksome character . 
3	The art demand live viewing . 
1	Since Dahmer resort to standard slasher flick thrill when it should be most in the mind of the killer , it miss a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche . 
0	None of this sound promising and , indeed , the first half of Sorority Boys be as appalling a any ` comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens . 
1	This mild-mannered farce , direct by one of it writer , John C. Walsh , be corny in a way that bespeak an expiration date pass a long time ago . 
2	Visually sumptuous but intellectually stultifying . 
3	But that they be do it be thought-provoking . 
3	Vera have create a provocative , absorb drama that reveal the curse of a self-hatred instill by rigid social more . 
0	It aimlessly and unsuccessfully attempt to fuse at least three dull plot into one good one . 
3	The film sound like the stuff of lurid melodrama , but what make it interesting a a character study be the fact that the story be tell from Paul 's perspective . 
3	A moving and weighty depiction of one family 's attempt to heal after the death of a child . 
3	As I settle into my World War II memory , I find myself strangely move by even the corny and most hackneyed contrivance . 
2	This be amuse for about three minute . 
2	Its strength and weakness play off each other virtually to a stand-off , with the unfortunate trump card be the dreary mid-section of the film . 
2	As happily glib and vicious a it character . 
4	Mr. Caine and Mr. Fraser be the whole show here , with their memorable and resourceful performance . 
3	It really be a shame that more wo n't get an opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` Evelyn . ' 
1	The problem with the film be whether these ambition , laudable in themselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of Auschwitz II-Birkenau . 
1	Too much of the movie feel contrive , a if the filmmaker be worry the story would n't work without all those gimmick . 
3	The picture run a mere 84 minute , but it 's no glance . 
3	An elegant and sly deadpan comedy . 
2	With it hint of an awkward Hitchcockian theme in tact , Harmon 's daunt narrative promotes a reasonable landscape of conflict and pathos to support the scattershot terrorize tone 
0	The notion of delete emotion from people , even in an advanced Prozac Nation , be so insanely dysfunctional that the rampantly design Equilibrium become a concept doofus . 
3	Best enjoy a a work of fiction inspire by real-life event . 
0	Mr. Soderbergh 's direction and visual style strike me a unusually and unimpressively fussy and pretentious . 
2	Debate it . 
4	A wildly entertaining scan of Evans ' career . 
4	Like The Full Monty , this be sure to raise audience 's spirit and leave them sing long after the credit roll . 
3	But not without cheesy fun factor . 
3	Upsetting and thought-provoking , the film have an odd purity that do n't bring you into the character so much a it have you study them . 
3	A live-action cartoon , a fast-moving and cheerfully simplistic 88 minute of exaggerated action put together with the preteen boy in mind . 
3	A dazzling thing to behold -- as long a you 're wear the somewhat cumbersome 3D goggles the theater provide . 
3	Could use a little more humanity , but it never lack in eye-popping visuals . 
1	Mostly , Shafer and co-writer Gregory Hinton lack a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor . 
0	I 'm not sure these word have ever be together in the same sentence : This erotic cannibal movie be boring . 
2	Gambling and throw a basketball game for money be n't a new plot -- in fact Toback himself use it in Black and White . 
4	With an admirably dark first script by Brent Hanley , Paxton , make his directorial feature debut , do strong , measure work . 
4	Bolstered by exceptional performance and a clear-eyed take on the economics of deal and the pathology of ghetto fabulousness . 
4	Douglas McGrath 's Nicholas Nickleby do Dickens a it should be do cinematically . 
2	How I Killed My Father would be a rarity in Hollywood . 
2	The problem be not that it 's all derivative , because plenty of funny movie recycle old trope . 
3	That the e-graveyard hold a many good idea a bad be the cold comfort that Chin 's film serve up with style and empathy . 
1	Ends up offer nothing more than the late Schwarzenegger or Stallone flick would . 
2	The film 's only misstep come from the script 's insistence on provide deep emotional motivation for each and every one of Abagnale 's antic . 
1	At best this be a film for the under-7 crowd . 
4	A thoughtful movie , a movie that be concern with soul and risk and scheme and the consequence of one 's action . 
1	Jaw-droppingly superficial , strain to get by on humor that be not even as dare a John Ritter 's glory day on Three 's Company . 
3	Even through it flaw , Revolution # 9 prof to be a compelling , interestingly tell film . 
2	It 's still Adam Sandler , and it 's not Little Nicky . 
3	Sorvino be delightful in the central role . 
2	Bogs down badly a we absorb Jia 's moody , bad-boy behavior which he portray himself in a one-note performance . 
0	An awful movie that will only satisfy the most emotionally malleable of filmgoers . 
3	Exhilarating but blatantly bias . 
0	The story of Trouble Every Day ... be so sketchy it amount to little more than preliminary note for a science-fiction horror film , and the movie 's fragmentary narrative style make piece the story together frustrating difficult . 
1	Lame Sweet Home leave no Southern stereotype unturned . 
3	First-time writer-director Dylan Kidd also have a good ear for dialogue , and the character sound like real people . 
0	It be very difficult to care about the character , and that be the central flaw of the film . 
3	What make it worth watch be Quaid 's performance . 
3	By turn pretentious , fascinating , ludicrous , provocative and vainglorious . 
2	An empty , ugly exercise in druggy trance-noir and trumped-up street credibility . 
4	Especially give credit to Affleck . 
3	If you grow up on Scooby -- you 'll love this movie . 
4	It 's hard to imagine anyone manage to steal a movie not only from charismatic rise star Jake Gyllenhaal but also from accomplish Oscar winner Susan Sarandon , Dustin Hoffman and Holly Hunter , yet newcomer Ellen Pompeo pull off the feat with aplomb . 
0	After you laugh once -LRB- maybe twice -RRB- , you will have completely forget the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot . 
1	The screenplay flounder under the weight of too many story line . 
1	Snipes be both a snore and utter tripe . 
1	The troubling thing about Clockstoppers be that it do n't make any sense . 
1	There 's no good answer to that one . 
3	Singer\/composer Bryan Adams contribute a slew of song -- a few potential hit , a few more simply intrusive to the story -- but the whole package certainly capture the intended , er , spirit of the piece . 
0	It 's a road-trip drama with too many wrong turn . 
1	Seriously , rent the Disney version . 
0	You 'll forget about it by Monday , though , and if they 're old enough to have develop some taste , so will your kid . 
0	Like many such biographical melodrama , it suffer from the awkwardness that result from adhere to the messiness of true story . 
0	No cute factor here ... Not that I mind ugly ; the problem be he have no character , loveable or otherwise . 
3	A remarkable movie with an unsatisfying end , which be just the point . 
4	If you 're a fan of the series you 'll love it and probably want to see it twice . 
1	Unless Bob Crane be someone of particular interest to you , this film 's impressive performance and adept direction be n't likely to leave a lasting impression . 
1	It do n't flinch from it unsettling prognosis , namely , that the legacy of war be a kind of perpetual pain . 
1	If you recognize Zeus -LRB- the dog from Snatch -RRB- it will make you wish you be at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watch this one . 
2	... a trashy little bit of fluff stuffed with enjoyable performance and a bewildering sense of self-importance 
2	If you 're really rent this you 're not interested in discretion in your entertainment choice , you 're interested in Anne Geddes , John Grisham , and Thomas Kincaid . 
0	Like a can of 2-day old Coke . 
1	What Jackson have do be prove that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery 
4	As a girl-meets-girl romantic comedy , Kissing Jessica Steinis quirky , charm and often hilarious . 
4	Humorous and heartfelt , Douglas McGrath 's version of ` Nicholas Nickleby ' leave me feel refresh and hopeful . 
4	... a solid , well-formed satire . 
1	May offend viewer not amuse by the sick sense of humor . 
2	The Lady and the Duke be Eric Rohmer 's economical antidote to the bloated costume drama 
3	Assayas ' ambitious , sometimes beautiful adaptation of Jacques Chardonne 's novel . 
0	It do n't take a rocket scientist to figure out that this be a Mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that . 
2	There be many thing that solid act can do for a movie , but craft something promise from a mediocre screenplay be not one of them . 
1	A cautionary tale about the folly of superficiality that be itself endlessly superficial . 
0	It should be do a lot of thing , but do n't . 
2	I be hop that it would be sleazy and fun , but it be neither . 
0	The logic of it all will be Greek to anyone not predispose to the movie 's rude and crude humor . 
4	About as big a crowdpleaser a they possibly come . 
4	Thumbs up to Paxton for not fall into the Hollywood trap and make a vanity project with nothing new to offer . 
1	Why `` they '' be here and what `` they '' want and quite honestly , I do n't care . 
3	Together -LRB- Time Out and Human Resources -RRB- establish Mr. Cantet a France 's foremost cinematic poet of the workplace . 
3	It 's mildly entertaining , especially if you find comfort in familiarity . 
1	The chocolate factory without Charlie . 
1	Why , you may ask , why should you buy the movie milk when the TV cow be free ? 
1	The trapping of I Spy be so familiar you might as well be watch a rerun . 
0	We 've like Klein 's other work but Rollerball leave u cold . 
0	Even on it own ludicrous term , The Sum of All Fears generate little narrative momentum , and invite unflattering comparison to other installment in the Ryan series . 
3	But the actor make this worth a peek . 
0	This mess of a movie be nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy . 
1	A determined , ennui-hobbled slog that really do n't have much to say beyond the news flash that loneliness can make people act weird . 
0	The satire be unfocused , while the story go nowhere . 
4	Easily the most thoughtful fictional examination of the root cause of anti-Semitism ever see on screen . 
3	Conceptually brilliant ... Plays like a living-room War Of The Worlds , gain most of it unsettling force from the suggest and the unknown . 
0	I have to admit I walk out of Runteldat . 
2	Less worry about cover all the drama in Frida 's life and more time spent explore her process of turn pain into art would have make this a superior movie . 
3	It 's excessively quirky and a little underconfident in it delivery , but otherwise this be the best ` old neighborhood ' project since Christopher Walken kinda romance Cyndi Lauper in The Opportunists . 
4	This be a movie full of grace and , ultimately , hope . 
4	-LRB- Ferrera -RRB- have the charisma of a young woman who know how to hold the screen . 
2	We get an image of Big Papa span history , rather than suspend it . 
2	`` On Guard ! '' 
1	Average , at best , I 'm afraid . 
4	An eloquent , reflective and beautifully acted meditation on both the profoundly devastating event of one year ago and the slow , painful heal process that have follow in their wake . 
3	Fortunately , Elling never get too cloying thanks to the actor ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry . 
4	Tully be worth a look for it true-to-life character , it sensitive acting , it unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer Hilary Birmingham . 
1	Two badly interlocked story drown by all too clever complexity . 
3	- I also want a little alien a a friend ! 
4	It 's immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's be do before and amazingly successful in term of what it 's try to do . 
1	Forget the misleading title , what 's with the unexplained baboon cameo ? 
1	Though an important political documentary , this do not really make the case the Kissinger should be try a a war criminal . 
3	Not everyone will welcome or accept The Trials of Henry Kissinger a faithful portraiture , but few can argue that the debate it join be a necessary and timely one . 
0	It 's always disappointing when a documentary fail to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- it chosen topic . 
0	A frustrating ` tweener ' -- too slick , contrive and exploitative for the art house and too cynical , small and decadent for the mall . 
0	Muddled , simplistic and more than a little pretentious . 
3	The Mothman Prophecies be best when illustrate the demon bedevil the modern masculine journey . 
3	An oddity , to be sure , but one that you might wind up remember with a degree of affection rather than revulsion . 
2	Although bright , well-acted and thought-provoking , Tuck Everlasting suffers from a laconic pace and a lack of traditional action . 
0	Feel free to go get popcorn whenever he 's not onscreen . 
0	The very simple story seem too simple and the work out of the plot almost arbitrary . 
3	-LRB- Allen -RRB- manage to breathe life into this somewhat tired premise . 
1	After a while , Hoffman 's quirk and mannerism , particularly his penchant for tear up on cue -- thing that seem so real in small dos -- become annoying and artificial . 
3	There be flaw , but also stretch of impact and moment of awe ; we 're wrap up in the character , how they make their choice , and why . 
1	Who care ? -RRB- . 
4	While general audience might not come away with a great knowledge of the fact of Cuban music , they 'll be treat to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of it sound . 
1	Exploitative and largely devoid of the depth or sophistication that would make watching such a graphic treatment of the crime bearable . 
3	A sentimental but entirely irresistible portrait of three age sister . 
2	A typically observant , carefully nuanced and intimate French coming-of-age film that be an encouraging debut feature but have a needlessly downbeat end that be too heavy for all that have precede it . 
4	Good , solid storytelling . 
4	As gory a the scene of torture and self-mutilation may be , they be pit against shimmer cinematography that lend the set the ethereal beauty of an Asian landscape painting . 
3	We 're draw in by the dark luster . 
2	A pleasant , if forgettable , romp of a film . 
4	A classic fairy tale that perfectly capture the wonder and worry of childhood in a way that few movie have ever approach . 
4	Congrats Disney on a job well do , I enjoy it just as much ! 
2	Some movie can get by without be funny simply by structure the scene a if they be joke : a setup , delivery and payoff . 
2	Big time . 
1	I wish it would have just go more over-the-top instead of try to have it both way . 
1	It just do n't have anything really interest to say . 
2	... would be a total loss if not for two support performance take place at the movie 's edge . 
2	Cox be far more concerned with aggrandize madness , not the man , and the result might drive you crazy . 
3	A rather brilliant little cult item : a pastiche of child 's entertainment , superhero comic , and Japanese animation . 
2	Oozes condescension from every pore . 
0	Clumsy , obvious , preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warrior back decade . 
1	The result be an ` action film ' mire in stasis . 
1	Hollywood have take quite a nosedive from Alfred Hitchcock 's imaginative flight to Shyamalan 's self-important summer fluff . 
4	Takes a simple premise and carry it to unexpected height . 
1	It 's lose the politics and the social observation and become just another situation romance about a couple of sap stick in an inarticulate screenplay . 
3	The film 's plot may be shallow , but you 've never see the deep like you see it in these harrow surf shot . 
1	This be a movie where the most notable observation be how long you 've be sit still . 
3	The film be hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful , and lit by flash of mordant humor . 
2	If Jews be Catholics , this would be Catechism 
4	Hard , endear , caring , warm . 
3	Shanghai Ghetto , much strange than any fiction , bring this unknown slice of history affectingly to life . 
0	Boy , have this franchise ever run out of gas . 
1	I 've see some bad singer-turned actor , but Lil Bow Wow take the cake . 
1	Follows the original film virtually scene for scene and yet manages to bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun . 
1	A pathetically inane and unimaginative cross between XXX and Vertical Limit . 
3	Arteta paint a picture of life live in a state of quiet desperation . 
4	Shot largely in small room , the film have a gentle , unforced intimacy that never become claustrophobic . 
1	But I have a lot of problem with this movie . 
3	Takes you by the face , stroke your cheek and coo beseechingly at you : slow down , shake off your tension and take this picture at it own breezy , distract rhythm . 
3	... the plot weave u into a complex web . 
2	The messy emotion rag throughout this three-hour effort be instantly recognizable , allow the film to paradoxically feel familiar and foreign at the same time . 
2	Plods along , minus the twisted humor and eye-popping visuals that have make Miike ... a cult hero . 
3	-LRB- The Cockettes -RRB- provide a window into a subculture hell-bent on express itself in every way imaginable . ' 
1	An exceptionally dreary and overwrought bit of work , every bit as imperious a Katzenberg 's The Prince of Egypt from 1998 . 
3	In it treatment of the dehumanizing and ego-destroying process of unemployment , Time Out offer an exploration that be more accurate than anything I have see in an American film . 
4	Renner carry much of the film with a creepy and dead-on performance . 
2	... if you 're just in the mood for a fun -- but bad -- movie , you might want to catch Freaks a a matinee . 
1	Feels like a cold old man go through the motion . 
2	Vampire epic succeed a spooky action-packed trash of the high order . 
3	The film 's image give a backbone to the company and provide an emotional edge to it ultimate demise . 
4	These three film form a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically , through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people . 
1	Hoffman wait too long to turn his movie in an unexpected direction , and even then his tone retain a genteel , prep-school quality that feel dusty and leatherbound . 
3	The dirty joke provide the funny moment in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolman . 
0	In a big corner office in Hell , Satan be throw up his hand in surrender , be fire his R & D people , and have decide he will just screen The Master of Disguise 24\/7 . 
4	A delicious , quirky movie with a terrific screenplay and fanciful direction by Michael Gondry . 
1	It do n't really know or care about the character , and use them a marker for a series of preordained event . 
3	Jackson and co have bring back the value and respect for the term epic cinema . 
3	The fourth `` Pokemon '' be a diverting -- if predictable -- adventure suitable for a matinee , with a message that caution child about disturb the world 's delicate ecological balance . 
1	Supposedly authentic account of a historical event that 's far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment . 
0	... if you , like me , think an action film disguise a a war tribute be disgust to begin with , then you 're in for a painful ride . 
2	... a somber film , almost completely unrelieved by any comedy beyond the wistful everyday irony of the work poor . 
0	Journalistically dubious , inept and often lethally dull . 
1	He 's not good with people . 
0	The sheer dumbness of the plot -LRB- other than it one good idea -RRB- and the movie 's inescapable air of sleaziness get you down . 
2	It 's not a classic spy-action or buddy movie , but it 's entertain enough and worth a look . 
0	Priggish , lethargically pace parable of renewal . 
2	Everything else about High Crimes be , like the military system of justice it portray , tiresomely regiment . 
4	Warm in it loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction of everyday people , relax in it perfect quiet pace and proud in it message . 
3	An eye-boggling blend of psychedelic device , special effect and background , ` Spy Kids 2 ' be a visual treat for all audience . 
0	`` The Adventures of Pluto Nash '' be a big time stinker . 
0	Quite frankly , I ca n't see why any actor of talent would ever work in a McCulloch production again if they look at how this movie turn out . 
1	It 's such a mechanical endeavor -LRB- that -RRB- it never bother to question why somebody might devote time to see it . 
1	And second , what 's with all the shooting ? 
1	Despite some strong performance , never rise above the level of a telanovela . 
2	... best see a speculative history , a much an exploration of the paranoid impulse a a creative sequel to the Warren Report . 
4	Rarely , indeed almost never , be such high-wattage brainpower couple with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema . 
2	There 's no clear picture of who kill Bob Crane . 
1	Payami try to raise some serious issue about Iran 's electoral process , but the result be a film that 's about as subtle a a party political broadcast . 
1	The action here be unusually tame , the character be too simplistic to maintain interest , and the plot offer few surprise . 
2	The message be that even the most unlikely can link together to conquer all kind of obstacle , whether they be of nature , of man or of one another . 
2	Merci pour le movie . 
4	Devos and Cassel have tremendous chemistry -- their sexual and romantic tension , while never really vocalized , be palpable . 
3	Poignant and funny . 
1	The overall vibe be druggy and self-indulgent , like a spring-break orgy for pretentious art major . 
3	A glib but bouncy bit of sixties-style slickness in which the hero might wind up caught but the audience get pure escapism . 
4	The storyline be weave together skilfully , the magnificent swoop aerial shot be breathtaking , and the overall experience be awesome . 
1	It find no way to entertain or inspire it viewer . 
3	With an unusual protagonist -LRB- a kilt-wearing Jackson -RRB- and subject matter , the improbable `` Formula 51 '' be somewhat entertaining , but it could have be much strong . 
1	Director Elie Chouraqui , who co-wrote the script , catch the chaotic horror of war , but why bother if you 're go to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demand of soap opera ? 
1	Is anyone else out there get tire of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic Hong Kong action aesthetic ? 
1	It 's the humanizing stuff that will probably sink the film for anyone who do n't think about percentage all day long . 
3	A move essay about the specter of death , especially suicide . 
1	A disaster of a drama , save only by it winged assailant . 
0	When it come out on video , then it 's the perfect cure for insomnia . 
3	A beguiling evocation of the quality that keep Dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he express our most basic emotion . 
2	The movie should be credit with remember his victim . 
1	Coupling disgracefully write dialogue with flail bodily movement that substitute for act , Circuit be the awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story . 
2	Snipes rely too much on a scorchingly plot dramatic scenario for it own good . 
1	Kurys seem intimidate by both her subject matter and the period trapping of this debut venture into the heritage business . 
2	The Sweetest Thing , a romantic comedy with outrageous tendency , may be a mess in a lot of way . 
3	Has it moment -- and almost a many subplots . 
3	A chilly , brood but quietly resonant psychological study of domestic tension and unhappiness . 
3	Smart and fun , but far more witty than it be wise . 
3	Succeeds where it recent predecessor miserably fail because it demand that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both side . 
4	A rare and lightly entertaining look behind the curtain that separate comic from the people laugh in the crowd . 
3	High Crimes steal so freely from other movie and combine enough disparate type of film that it ca n't help but engage an audience . 
3	Michel Piccoli 's move performance be this films reason for be . 
0	Purposefully shock in it eroticized gore , if unintentionally dull in it lack of poetic frisson . 
3	An intimate contemplation of two marvelously messy life . 
2	The party scene deliver some tawdry kick . 
2	Meandering and glacially pace , and often just plain dull . 
1	A fake street drama that keep tell you thing instead of show them . 
3	A quietly move look back at what it be to be Iranian-American in 1979 . 
0	Confuses it message with an ultimate desire to please , and contort itself into an idea of expectation be the last thing any of these three actress , nor their character , deserve . 
4	... a good film that must have baffle the folk in the marketing department . 
1	... it solemn pretension prevents u from share the awe in which it hold itself . 
2	but ` Why ? ' 
2	Denis forge out of the theory of class - base rage and sisterly obsession a razor-sided tuning fork that ring with cultural , sexual and social discord . 
0	If you value your time and money , find an escape clause and avoid see this trite , predictable rehash . 
3	While most film these day be about nothing , this film seem to be about everything that 's plague the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world . 
3	She box these woman 's soul right open for u . 
4	In his U.S. debut , Mr. Schnitzler prove himself a deft pace master and stylist . 
4	Sex With Strangers be fascinate ... 
0	It make me feel unclean , and I 'm the guy who like There 's Something About Mary and both American Pie movie . 
2	Anyone who 's ever suffer under a martinet music instructor have no doubt fantasize about what an unhappy , repressed and twisted personal life their tormentor deserve . 
1	Just a collection of this and that -- whatever fills time -- with no unified whole . 
0	And it 's a lousy one at that . 
2	Not one moment in the enterprise do n't make me want to lie down in a dark room with something cool to my brow . 
2	It get bogged down by hit-and-miss topical humour before get to the truly good stuff . 
3	Between burst of automatic gunfire , the story offer a trenchant critique of capitalism . 
4	In addition to glue you to the edge of your seat , Changing Lanes be also a film of freshness , imagination and insight . 
3	Lasker 's canny , meditative script distance sex and love , a Byron and Luther ... realize they ca n't get no satisfaction without the latter . 
1	This angst-ridden territory be cover earlier and much well in Ordinary People . 
3	A smart little indie . 
0	My only wish be that Celebi could take me back to a time before I saw this movie and I could just skip it . 
0	Imagine Kevin Smith , the blasphemous bad boy of suburban Jersey , if he be strip of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor . 
2	this film be not a love letter for the slain rapper , it 's a taunt - a call for justice for two crime from which many of u have not yet recover . 
2	Whether you like it or not be basically a matter of taste . 
2	The best way to describe it be a a cross between Paul Thomas Anderson 's Magnolia and David Lynch 's Mulholland Dr . 
3	harmlessly 
1	After a while , the only way for a reasonably intelligent person to get through The Country Bears be to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history have be allow to get wet , fuzzy and sticky . 
4	A powerful performance from Mel Gibson and a brutal 90-minute battle sequence that do everything but issue you a dog-tag and an M-16 . 
1	So much about the film be loopy and ludicrous ... that it could have be a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition have be tighten . 
0	By the time the plot grind itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion , you might be wish for a watch that make time go faster rather than the other way around . 
1	Director Tom Shadyac and star Kevin Costner glumly mishandle the story 's promising premise of a physician who need to heal himself . 
1	It 's a big idea , but the film itself be small and shrivel . 
1	Some fine acting , but ultimately a movie with no reason for be . 
2	The movie have no respect for law , political correctness or common decency , but it display something more important : respect for it flaw , crazy people . 
1	The film lapse too often into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell pyrotechnic it punchy style promise . 
1	One well-timed explosion in a movie can be a knockout , but a hundred of them can be numb . 
2	A dark , dull thriller with a parting shot that misfire . 
3	Audacious-impossible yet compel ... 
3	In it own floundering way , it get to you . 
1	Presents nothing special and , until the final act , nothing overtly disagreeable . 
1	Let 's see , a haunt house , a haunt ship , what 's next ... Ghost Blimp ? 
1	The material and the production itself be little more than routine . 
2	-LRB- Haynes ' -RRB- homage to such film a `` All That Heaven Allows '' and `` Imitation of Life '' transcend them . 
0	Nobody seem to have care much about any aspect of it , from it cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of it lighting to it last-minute , haphazard theatrical release . 
2	A movie that 's just plain awful but still manage to entertain on a guilty-pleasure , so-bad-it 's - funny level . 
3	A good documentary can make interest a subject you think would leave you cold . 
2	As self-aware movie go , Who be Cletis Tout ? 
1	Britney Spears ' phoniness be nothing compare to the movie 's contrive , lame screenplay and listless direction . 
3	Nothing can detract from the affection of that moral favorite : friend will be friend through thick and thin . 
3	The film ... present classic moral-condundrum drama : What would you have do to survive ? 
0	Terminally brain dead production . 
3	An interesting look behind the scene of Chicago-based rock group Wilco ... 
1	Has nothing good to speak about other than the fact that it be relatively short , try it best to hide the fact that Seagal 's overweight and out of shape . 
3	A winning and wildly fascinating work . 
3	After watch it , you can only love the player it bring to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human being they be and for the still-inestimable contribution they have make to our shared history . 
1	Yet it 's not quite the genre-busting film it 's be hype to be because it play everything too safe . 
2	The film be a blunt indictment , part of a perhaps surreal campaign to bring Kissinger to trial for crime against humanity . 
3	Intelligent , caustic take on a great writer and dubious human be . 
2	The whole mildly pleasant outing -- the R rating be for brief nudity and a grisly corpse -- remain aloft not on it own self-referential hot air , but on the inspired performance of Tim Allen . 
3	Gondry 's direction be adequate ... but what give Human Nature it unique feel be Kaufman 's script . 
3	This be a shrewd and effective film from a director who understand how to create and sustain a mood . 
3	If you can swallow it absurdity and crudity Lagaan really be enormously good fun . 
1	Cheap , vulgar dialogue and a plot that crawl along at a snail 's pace . 
3	Alarms for Duvall 's throb sincerity and his elderly propensity for pat people while he talk . 
2	Rob Schneider , Dana Carvey and Sarah Michelle Gellar in The Philadelphia Story ? 
0	The acting be n't much good . 
3	Zoom ! 
2	I have more fun with Ben Stiller 's Zoolander , which I think be rather clever . 
3	If the film 's vision of sport a a secular religion be a bit cloying , it through-line of family and community be hearten in the same way that each season mark a new start . 
3	It 's pretty linear and only makeup-deep , but Bogdanovich tie it together with efficiency and an affection for the period . 
4	More mature than Fatal Attraction , more complete than Indecent Proposal and more relevant than 9 1\/2 Weeks , Unfaithful be at once intimate and universal cinema . 
1	That 's it first sign of trouble . 
4	A very charming and funny movie . 
2	A good-looking but ultimately pointless political thriller with plenty of action and almost no substance . 
0	`` ... something appear to have be lose in the translation this time . 
0	A period story about a Catholic boy who try to help a Jewish friend get into heaven by send the audience straight to hell . 
0	A markedly inactive film , City be conversational border on confessional . 
2	The strong subject matter continue to shock throughout the film . 
1	A fan film that for the uninitiated play well on video with the sound turn down . 
1	Romanek keep add flourish -- artsy fantasy sequence -- that simply feel wrong . 
3	The result be somewhat satisfying -- it still come from Spielberg , who have never make anything that be n't at least watchable . 
3	A wonderfully speculative character study that make up for it rather slow beginning by draw me into the picture . 
2	Gibney and Jarecki just want to string the bastard up . 
1	Lazily direct by Charles Stone III ... from a leaden script by Matthew Cirulnick and novelist Thulani Davis . 
4	Nonchalantly freaky and uncommonly pleasurable , Warm Water may well be the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy . 
1	Though there 's a clarity of purpose and even-handedness to the film 's direction , the drama feel rig and sluggish . 
0	Sunk by way too much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness . 
0	What start off a a possible Argentine American Beauty reek like a room stack with pungent flower . 
4	... by the time it 's do with u , Mira Nair 's new movie have it audience giddy with the delight of discovery , of have be immerse in a foreign culture only to find that human nature be pretty much the same all over . 
4	Shot in rich , shadowy black-and-white , Devils chronicle , with increasingly amuse irony , the relationship between reluctant captor and befuddle captive . 
2	Bond-inspired ? 
0	Staggeringly dreadful romance . 
4	This method almost never fail him , and it work superbly here . 
1	Weird . 
4	Nolan prove that he can cross sword with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plot popcorn thriller while surrender little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure . 
4	Maybe not a classic , but a movie the kid will want to see over and over again . 
2	The film do n't move me one way or the other , but it be an honest effort and if you want to see a flick about telemarketers this one will due . 
1	And a with most late-night bull session , eventually the content be n't nearly as captivating a the rowdy participant think it be . 
4	The kind of sweet-and-sour insider movie that film buff will eat up like so much gelati . 
1	Ill-considered , unholy hokum . 
2	Or that the battery on your watch have die . 
3	Competently direct but terminally cute drama . 
0	This pathetic junk be barely an hour long . 
2	-LRB- Taylor -RRB- take u on a ride that 's consistently surprising , easy to watch -- but , oh , so dumb . 
1	Feels le like a change in -LRB- Herzog 's -RRB- personal policy than a half-hearted fluke . 
1	Just too silly and sophomoric to ensnare it target audience . 
3	Familiar but utterly delightful . 
1	For those of u who respond more strongly to storytelling than computer-generated effect , the new Star Wars installment have n't escape the rut dug by the last one . 
4	Consider it ` perfection . ' 
0	At the one-hour mark , Herzog simply run out of idea and the pace turn positively leaden a the movie sputter to it inevitable tragic conclusion . 
3	This be a more fascinating look at the future than `` Bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventure attempt for the screen . 
4	Samuel L. Jackson be one of the best actor there be . 
3	Huppert 's show to steal and she make a meal of it , channel Kathy Baker 's creepy turn a the repressed mother on Boston Public just as much a 8 Women 's Augustine . 
1	But no . . 
1	Even in term of the low-grade cheese standard on which it operate , it never quite make the grade a tawdry trash . 
3	If you love him , you 'll like it . 
4	A new film from Bill Plympton , the animation master , be always welcome . 
2	There 's no get around the fact that this be Revenge Of The Nerds Revisited -- again . 
1	The idea be more interesting than the screenplay , which lag badly in the middle and lurch between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of Run Lola Run . 
1	Woefully pretentious . 
1	Lacks the visual flair and bounce bravado that characterize good hip-hop clip and be content to recycle image and character that be already tire 10 year ago . 
3	Makes one thing abundantly clear . 
3	A flick about our infantilized culture that be n't entirely infantile . 
1	Still , it just sit there like a side dish no one order . 
1	We can tell what it be suppose to be , but ca n't really call it a work of art . 
0	A ragbag of cliche . 
3	It make me want to get made-up and go see this movie with my sister . 
3	Visually , ` Santa Clause 2 ' be wondrously creative . 
1	Girlfriends be bad , wife be bad and baby be the kiss of death in this bitter Italian comedy . 
3	And we do n't avert our eye for a moment . 
4	Exudes the fizz of a Busby Berkeley musical and the visceral excitement of a sport extravaganza . 
1	For all it brilliant touch , Dragon lose it fire midway , nearly flicker out by it perfunctory conclusion . 
3	An engaging , formulaic sport drama that carry a charge of genuine excitement . 
2	with a couple of burnt-out cylinder 
3	Tackles the difficult subject of grief and loss with such life-embracing spirit that the theme do n't drag an audience down . 
4	A move story of determination and the human spirit . 
4	We admire this film for it harsh objectivity and refusal to seek our tear , our sympathy . 
0	Disgusting . 
1	` Moore be like a progressive bull in a china shop , a provocateur crash into idea and special-interest group a he slap together his own brand of liberalism . ' 
2	Reno do what he can in a thankless situation , the film ricochet from humor to violence and back again , and Ryoko Hirosue make u wonder if she be always like that . 
2	The culmination of everyone 's effort be give life when A Selection appear in it final form -LRB- in `` Last Dance '' -RRB- . 
3	It go down easy , leave virtually no aftertaste . 
0	Crossroads feel like a teenybopper Ed Wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the high-strung but flaccid drama . 
2	Certainly beautiful to look at , but it not very informative about it titular character and no more challenging than your average television biopic . 
4	Mike Leigh populate his movie with a wonderful ensemble cast of character that bring the routine day to day struggle of the work class to life 
3	If you open yourself up to Mr. Reggio 's theory of this imagery a the movie 's set ... it can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change . 
1	Does not go far enough in it humor or stock idea to stand out a particularly memorable or even all that funny . 
3	It 's refresh to see a romance this smart . 
3	Like the chilled breath of oral storytelling frozen onto film . 
3	Shattering , devastate documentary on two maladjusted teen in a downward narcotized spiral . 
0	As excite a all this exoticism might sound to the typical Pax viewer , the rest of u will be lull into a coma . 
3	The film be reasonably entertaining , though it begin to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspect start to overtake the comedy . 
1	It never rise to it clever what-if concept . 
3	Much have be write about those year when the psychedelic '60s groove over into the gay '70s , but word do n't really do the era justice . 
2	A sly dissection of the inanity of the contemporary music business and a rather sad story of the difficulty of artistic collaboration . 
4	A gracious , eloquent film that by it end offer a ray of hope to the refugee able to look ahead and resist living in a past forever lose . 
0	Every conceivable mistake a director could make in film opera have be perpetrate here . 
4	It 's the kind of movie that , aside from Robert Altman , Spike Lee , the Coen Brothers and a few others , our moviemakers do n't make often enough . 
4	Williams create a stunning , Taxi Driver-esque portrayal of a man teeter on the edge of sanity . 
3	Campbell Scott find the ideal outlet for his flick-knife diction in the role of Roger Swanson . 
3	Has a certain ghoulish fascination , and generate a fair amount of B-movie excitement . 
1	With it parade of almost perpetually wasted character ... Margarita feel like a hazy high that take too long to shake . 
3	Bolstered by an astonishing voice cast -LRB- except Love Hewitt -RRB- , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline that I have n't encounter since at least Pete 's Dragon . 
3	A witty , whimsical feature debut . 
4	Exhilarating , funny and fun . 
1	As an entertainment destination for the general public , Kung Pow set a new benchmark for lameness . 
3	Downbeat , period-perfect biopic hammer home a heavy-handed moralistic message . 
1	None of this so-called satire have any sting to it , a if Woody be afraid of bite the hand that have finally , to some extent , warm up to him . 
2	The Santa Clause 2 be a barely adequate babysitter for old kid , but I 've get to give it thumb down . 
1	Sometimes there be very , very good reason for certain movie to be seal in a jar and leave on a remote shelf indefinitely . 
3	It make you believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoy themselves and believe in their small-budget film . 
3	The underworld urban angst be derivative of Martin Scorsese 's Taxi Driver and Goodfellas , but this film speak for itself . 
2	Even if you have no interest in the gang-infested , East-vs . 
1	The film do n't really care about the thousand of Americans who die hideously , it care about how Ryan meet his future wife and make his start at the CIA . 
3	Proves a servicable World War II drama that ca n't totally hide it contrivance , but it at least call attention to a problem Hollywood too long have ignore . 
1	This movie ... do n't deserve the energy it take to describe how bad it be . 
1	In this case zero . 
1	Simply put , there should have be a more compelling excuse to pair Susan Sarandon and Goldie Hawn . 
3	Definitely in the guilty pleasure B-movie category , Reign of Fire be so incredibly inane that it be laughingly enjoyable . 
3	It 's an experience in understand a unique culture that be present with universal appeal . 
0	The French director have turn out nearly 21\/2 hour of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema that , half an hour in , start make water torture seem appeal . 
2	... either you 're willing to go with this claustrophobic concept or you 're not . 
2	Despite these annoyance , the capable Clayburgh and Tambor really do a great job of anchor the character in the emotional reality of middle age . 
1	-LRB- Tries -RRB- to parody a genre that 's already a joke in the United States . 
1	The movie 's downfall be to substitute plot for personality . 
2	The film be darkly atmospheric , with Herrmann quietly suggest the sadness and obsession beneath Hearst 's forced avuncular chortle . 
